This indicates that SBR and NBR have low overall degree of compatibility.
In agreement with previous results, PBT was found to be compatible with BPA-phenoxy.
In a recent report21 it was demonstrated that polystyrene could be compatibilized with poly(ethy1 acrylate) when polystyrene was sulfonated to the extent of 5% and the poly(ethy1 acrylate) actually contained a similar percentage of vinylpyridine units.
The proposed scheme achieves the same or better eye size and power dissipation compared with Z0- matching while providing universal compatibility with arbi- trary channels and RXs.
Maleic anhydride is grafted to the backbone of polyethylene to induce polarity and subsequently increase compatibility with starch ﬁllers.
INTRODUCTION and Scrophulariaceae Self-incompatibility (SI), an intraspecific reproductive barrier, prevents inbreeding and promotes out-crossing in flowering plants.
It has been known that three plant families Rosaceae Solanaceae, show gametophytic self-incompatibility (GSI) [1-4].
Identification and partial amino acid sequences of seven S-RNases associated with self-incompatibility of Japanese pear, Pyrus pyrifolia Nakai.
Molecular cloning and nucleotide sequences of cDNAs encoding S-allele specific stylar RNases in a self-incompatible cultivar and its self-compatible mutant of Japanese pear, Pyrus pyrifolia Nakai.
Identification and partial amino-acid sequences of seven S-RNases associated with self-incompatibility of the Japanese pear, Pyrus pyrifolia Nakai.
site is compatible with most i.v.
Our findings suggest that the PGPR strains isolated from the rhizosphere of coconut and cocoa can be utilized as a bioinoculant for vegetable production in organic agricultural systems indicating cross-compatible nature.
Results of our study showed for the first time that PGPR from plantation crops, such as coconut and cocoa, are cross-compatible with vegetable crops and, thus, can be 18 used as a bioinoculant for both the main and the component crops in a coconut- based cropping system.
So, in the ABS/poly(vinyl chloride) (PVC) blend, the inter- action between SAN and PVC is an important factor for optimum compatibility.
The improved compatibility of the salt-free mobile phase system with RP-LC-MS allowed us to hyphenate ACE to an ultranarrow 25 μm i.d.
The Suszko operator as an S-compatibility operator.
INTRODUCTION Most polymer-polymer mixtures exhibit mutual insolubility, known technically as incompatibility.'
Conversely, the PP/PBE blends, which were fully compatible at all PBE contents, exhib- ited only one transition temperature as well as the tendency of decrease in temperature with PBE content, owing to the strong interaction between PP and PBE.
These results indicated that, in the blend, PBE was more compatible with PP than EBE.
Clearly, PBE showed a higher compatibility with PP than EBE.
The changes in the crystallization and glass transi- tion temperature revealed that PP is more compatible with PBE than EBE.
Nevertheless the EU ETS and the RGGI seem to be compatible as their architecture offers more similarities than contrasts.
A block copolymer of NR and polyurethane (PU) based on propylene glycol (PG) and toluene diisocyanate (TDI) was used as the compatibiliser.
Polyethylene-b-polyisoprene acts as a successful compatibiliser for this system.
The b-HA(Si) consists predominantly of b-HA having the excellent cellular compatibility, includes silicon species on its surface, moreover, and is expected to have silicon-releasabil- ity.
In such instances, the relatively incompatible plasticizer (e.g., ESO) does not enhance the f-PVC compound’s brit- tleness or Clash-Berg temperatures.
Clone HA 17 proved incompatible with ZE 28.
It is proposed, therefore, that there are two allelo- morphic series in Erysiphe cichoracearum which control the compatibility of single conidial clones isolated from different host plants and host speci- ficity.
Certain metallic and elastomeric components have been reported as compatible/non-compatible with biodiesel.
It was observed that these elastomers were entirely compatible with B20 and diesel fuel but not in 15% ethanol blend.
It was revealed that the three elastomeric materials used were very compatible with mixtures that contained up to 40% biodiesel.
are found to be incompatible for use with biodiesel.
are incompatible for use in biodiesel.
Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) SEM was used to investigate the effect of EOC content on the compatibility and homogeneity between PBE and PBAT in the blend.
The results evidenced poor compatibility and interfacial debonding between PBE and PBAT resulting in an immiscible two-phase system.
In order to further compatibility between aromatics and SBS, from macroscopic properties, an additive rich in aromatics was added to the SBS/asphalt mixture, and the result was satisfactory.
And from macroscopic properties, the compatibility between aromatics and SBS was investigated by examining the stabilities of the mixtures of SBS and asphalts containing diﬀerent aromatics contents.
Evaluation of Macroscopic Properties To further investigate the compatibility between aromatics and SBS, we selected an additive rich in aromatics.
In addition, the compatibility between aromatics and SBS was good.
They are the supposedly compatible7 system E, based on poly(ethy1 acrylate) (PEA) and poly(ethy1 methacrylate) (PEMA), and the supposedly incompatible system F, based on PEA and poly( t-butyl acrylate) (PtBA).
The reason for this could be the more compatible nature' of the two components, PEA and PEMA, resulting in some degree of molecular mixing.
Ontario V. dahliae tomato isolates 1094 strongly compatible, they diﬀered in their interactions with the VCG tester strains.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticillium dahliae from ornamental woody plants.
Meropenem/vaborbactam was found to be physically compatible with 73 of the 88 medications tested (83%) (Table I).
Of the 34 antimicrobials tested, meropenem/ vaborbactam was physically compatible with 28 (82%).
Intravenous drugs tested for physical compatibility with meropenem 8 mg/mL and vaborbactam 8 mg/mL in 0.9% sodium chloride.
Meropenem/vaborbactam is compatible with aztreonam, colistin, fosfomycin, levoﬂoxacin, tige- cycline, and all aminoglycosides tested.
CONCLUSIONS Meropenem/vaborbactam was physically compatible with 73 of the 88 medications tested (83%), including 28 of the 34 antimicrobials (82%).
Furthermore, the species comprises 2 distinct compatibility groups, designated as A and a, all isolates exhibiting complete intergroup fertility.
These results as well as those men tioned previously show that isolates of C. heterostrophus vary in degree of compatibility.
SUMMARY Monoconidial and monoascosporic isolates of C. heterostrophus ex hibit marked differences in degree of compatibility.
(2007) studied the compatibility of AZA and neem oil extract (0.15 % AZA) with 30 different isolates of B. bassiana.
Of those studied 23 combinations were found to be compatible.
The compatibility in ﬁeld trials or semi ﬁeld trials of B. bassiana with various chemical acaricides was tested by various authors (Shi and Feng 2009; Ansari and Sharma 2005), thus making this fungus an interesting option to control mites in combination with other products.
Interactions are not suggested for other mixtures under ambient temperature by this technique, leading to the conclusion that the incompatibility with MCE is thermally induced.
Also, the compatibility of the ARP/DIMEB inclusion com- plex with five excipients used in the pharmaceutical formula- tion, namely starch, microcrystalline cellulose, magnesium stearate, lactose monohydrate and methylcellulose, is also evaluated by means of thermoanalytical and spectroscopic methods.
The vegetative compatibility group 0030, which included isolates of the 3 races, was predominant, with a worldwide distribution, including Queensland.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Australian populations of Fusarium oxysporum f. sp.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Fusarium oxysporum f. sp lycopersici and non-pathogenic strains of F. oxysporum and an isozyme analysis of pathogenic populations.
Knowledge of the genetic basis of cross-compatibil- ity of different wild and cultivated forms can substantially aid in overcoming reproductive barriers and utilizing wild genetic diversity to transfer beneficial traits to cultivars.
The only wild accession compatible with P. sativum subsp.
While VIr320 is incompat- ible with Wl1238 as donor of cytoplasm (Table 5), 721 is incompatible as pollen parent and l100 is incompatible in both directions.
Although RKN are polyphagous, with wide host ranges, races with differing host compatibilities have evolved.
It is observed that PVC is more compatible with PAE than p(VdC-VC).
Comparative results on compatibility of PVC/PAE and p(VdC-VC)/PAE systems using benzene as probe.
Gasoline range bio-hydrocarbons are advantageous since they are fully compatible with conventional gasoline, cars and current infrastructure.
Mutations in the Env cytoplasmic tail cause virus-specific 771 incompatibility.
I170P Env incompatibility partially alleviated by replacing MLV MA.
These substrates are incompatible with oxidizers and strong acids, but were reported as compatible with dilute acids and alkaline solutions.
Similar to the results reported by Vos et al (2), acidic and aqueous alkaline chemistries showed excellent compatibility for both InGaAs and InP.
Semi-aqueous chemistries displayed poor compatibility with both InGaAs and InP in comparison to the non-aqueous chemistries.
In general, InGaAs is more compatible with solvent/alkali formulations than GaAs, but becomes less compatible upon addition of water.
This suggests that the excellent InGaAs compatibility of SAA-4 is driven primarily by the alkali in the formulation and not by the other components.
Good compatibility was found with acidic and non-aqueous alkaline solutions.
The RCDLA overcomes ihe monopole antenna in it's advantage of being convenient for the user compared to the sticking out monopole, as well as in terms of electromagnetic compatibility.
Natural fruit set of SC species triplicate those of self-incompatible (SI) species.
There is a differential distribution of SC and SI species according to life form, with a skew towards in- compatibility among woody plants and towards compatibility in herbs.
Self-incompatibility occurs in 36.1% of 238 species.
Pollen limitation appears to be independent of the compatibility status and the autonomous selfing capaci- ty of the species, suggesting that other factors and/or repro- ductive traits play an important role in both the plant±pollina- tor interactions and the plant reproductive output.
It is interesting and suggests a general positive trend between natural fruit production and the self compatibility index of the species.
It was 16%, 36% higher than that of simple recipe GS, the compatibility of GBE and GS, respectively.
Some of the incompati­ ble sets were labeled as not containing polvwinvl chloride (PVC).
Excipient compatibility In order to establish the API–excipient compatibility, the ther- modynamic data were obtained from DSC experiments for pure excipient and for binary mixtures API–excipient and ternary mix- tures API–API–excipient.
Heterotypic compatibility of claudin-3 and claudin-4 extracellular loop chimeras.
EL1 domain substitutions alter claudin-4 heterotypic compatibility.
Hence, a novel RP-HPLC method has been developed for studying excipient compatibility and related substances of GBP in capsule dosage form using excipients such as lactose anhydrous and dried maize starch which is having less water activity.
The results of scanning electron microscopy, polarized light microscopy, Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, dynamic mechanical analyses, rheological tests, contact angle measurements, thermogravimetric analyses, and Soxhlet extraction experiments showed that a crosslinked graft copolymer (WS-g-PBS) was produced with the aid of BPO during melt blending, resulting in improved compatibility between PBS and WS.
The difference in polarity between PBS and starch results in poor interfacial compatibility, thus leading to poor performance.
The reason for this phenomenon is the existence of WS-g-PBS, which improves the compatibility between the two phases, resulting in a decrease in Tg.
However, the T5%, Et(PBS), and Et(WS) increased with increasing BPO content for the PBS/WS (70/30)/BPO composites, which might demonstrate the improved compatibility and adhesion between the interface of PBS and WS via the more crosslinked grafts.
This is because the crosslinked WS-g-PBS is induced by BPO, which improves the compatibility and strengthens the interaction between the two phases.
These results also display the improved compatibility between PBS and WS indirectly.
Localised graft incompatibility shown by many apricot cultivars when grafted on different Prunus rootstocks greatly reduces the range of available rootstocks for apricot cultivation.
The biochemical comparison of compatible and incompatible apricot cultivars showed the high level and the great variations of secondary compounds in the bark, including cyanogenic compounds and phenolics.
'Luizet'), while they showed an increase in protein content when grafted with the incompatible cultivar (i.e.
Prunasin (mandelonitrile-glucoside) content in the bark of graft compatible and incompatible apricot cultivars.
Prunin (naringenin-7-glucoside) content in the bark of graft-compatible and incompatible apricot cultivars.
Topotecan hydrochloride in diluted solutions is stable for 24 hours when stored at 20–25 °C under ambient light.28 The visually incompatible combinations of topotecan hydrochloride with dexamethasone sodium phosphate and with fluorouracil in 0.9% sodium chloride injection had high pH values because of the basic nature of the secondary drugs.
Dexamethasone sodium phosphate, fluorouracil, and mitomycin were incompatible with topotecan hydrochloride.
Thus, scs homoeoalleles on IDL improved and 1BL reduced nucleo- cytoplasmic compatibility in Ae.
Biocompatible hydrogel containing phosphorylcholine groups poly(2-methacryloyloxyethylphosphorylcholine-co-butyl meth- acrylate) (poly(MPC-co-BMA)).
CONCLUSIONS It has been demonstrated that a new blood-compatible poly- meric material, poly(MPC-co-BMA), can be used to coat ISE membranes thereby increasing the biocompatibility of such sensors.
Selected mutants from 15 self-compatible iso- lates, were able to anastomose with each other but not with testers of the ﬁve previously described VCGs.
The vegetative compatibility and pathogenicity to various local cultivars were studied in a sample of 27 isolates of F. oxysporum, originating from two main bean production areas in Macedonia district.
In the second study of 260 MNC facilities in 22 countries, Jiang, Colakoglu, Lepak, Blasi, and Kruse (2014) found varying compatibility of various HPWPs with Power Distance.
The use of double grafting using an intermediate melon cultivar between R and SH has proved effective in increasing compatibility.
We can concluded that in general terms, both combinations showed different compat- ibility behaviour, R having in general lower compatibility with SH squash rootstock than S. The use of intermediate grafting using a melon cultivar between the two species (SH and R) has proved effective in increasing com- patibility (Miguel et al., 2008; San Bautista et al., 2011) increasing yield and fruit quality.
Its PK compatibility was observed on three of these herbs, i.e., F, Citrus aurantium L.,fructus (or Citrus sinensis Osbeck, fructus) (OO), and Crotonis Semen Pulveratum (PP).
extract and its compatibility with the different indigents of Ligusticum chuanxiong Hort.
Peroxidase isozyme proﬁles in compatible and incompatible pear-quince graft combinations.
An even inverted effect of 19 ms was observed in the S-E incompatible condition.
Within each block, all combinations of S-R and S-E compatibility were presented in a randomised order.
DSC results suggested that LLM-105/HMX and LLM-105/ DNTF mixtures had a degree of incompatibility.
This proves that DNTF is incompatible with LLM-105.
up to 480 Mb s−1 transmission speed, and is fully compatible with full speed USB 1.1 whose transmission speed is 12 Mb s−1 and low‐speed USB 1.0 whose transmission speed is 1.5 Mb s−1.
Isolates of F. oxysporum used in the study of vegetative compatibility groups in Dutch isolates of Foa, with the mutant types used for the complementation tests and the VCG grouping.
The Foa population resembles nonpathogenic, soil-borne populations of F. oxysporum, as these were found to be also very diverse with respect to vegetative compatibility (Correll et al.
asparagi into vegetatively compatible groups.
Vegetative compatibility groupings in a local population of Fusarium oxysporurn.
In contrast, Apple has chosen incompatibility, and the users of Amazon Kindle cannot purchase e-books at the Apple iTunes Store.
The results indicated that PP-PAA-Hep and PP-PAA-PEO-Hep had good erythrocyte compatibility, while PP-PAA could cause severe hemolysis.
Vegetative compatibility type diversity of Cryphonectria parasitica populations in Bosnia-Herzegovina, Spain and France.
A and B are perfectly compatible.
In contrast, PO 3 and PO 4 appear to separate the character suites from characters with low compatibility.
Paraplex G-30 shows exceptional compatibil ity with a wide range of plastic and rubber polymers including PVC, nitrocellulose, cellulose acetate propionate, cel lulose acetate butyrate, PVA, PVB, chlorinated rubber and nitrile rubber (20 to 38% acrylonitrile content).
The combination of high solvation in PVC and very good compati- blity in nitrile rubber makes it highly useful for PVC/NBR alloys.
In conclu- sion, POSS serves as an efﬁcient compatibilizer for PLA/starch/PCL systems with improved thermal properties.
For instance, sodium montmorillonite (NaMMT) has been demonstrated as a compatibilizer for PLA/starch blends with enhanced mechanical properties [24].
Conclusions In this study, POSS nanoparticles were introduced into ternary poly- mer blends based on PLA/starch/PCL to reduce the interfacial tension and increase the compatibility of the hydrophilic starch with the hydro- phobic PLA and PCL.
Drugs of group 3 were compatible with IBP.
In the injectable solu­ tions studied, mannitol 25 g/L and sodium bicar­ bonate 44.6 meq/L were compatible for 24 hours at 24 °C.
Crossing wild and cultivated forms of this species one can face severe unidirectional reproductive barriers, as well as milder cases of imcompatibility.
However, CE1 was fully compatible with the culti- vated pea while F1 hybrids of 721 with WL1238 had pollen fertility of about 25 or 60 % and on average 0.8 or 1.7 seeds per pod, depending on the cross direction.
The appearance of a slight negative heat effect and abrupt changes in At following the mixing of all solutions investigated in the present study give ground to the conclusion that a compatibility exists between SKN-26 and Balresin and Kofenal 220 and between Perbunan C 210 and Kofenal 220 over a wide range of ratios.
In the present study, bisphenol A (BA) and bisphenol F (BF) ep- oxy resins were chemically modiﬁed by DOPO to improve their liquid oxygen compatibility.
Most of the combinations were compatible.
Most of the combinations were compatible.
Discussion We evaluated 27 pairs of medications for compatibil- ity.
Most of the combinations were compatible.
However, aztre­ onam combinations with 12 drugs exhibited incompatibil­ ities including turbidity, par­ ticulate formation, precipita­ tion, and color change.
.Aztreonam 40 mg/mL in 5% dextrose injection was compatible with most of the drugs tested for up to four hours at 23 'C.
However, 12 drugs exhibited incompatibil­ ity with aztreonam.
The potential exists for the development of incompatibilities during the V- site administration of aztreonam with these other agents.
Further, most of these compatible combinations were determined to be essentially without haze, with turbidity of <0.15 NTU.
The combination of aztreonam and vancomycin hydrochloride was found to be compatible in this study.
Aztreonam-vancomycin incompatibility.
However, diazepam was physical incompatible when combined with oxaliplatin.
In most Prunus fruit trees, natural or artiﬁcially-pro- duced self-compatible (SC) mutants have been used to study the molecular basis of the S-RNase-based GSI sys- tem, which is attributed to the loss of function of the factors at the S locus [17] or external to the S locus [6].
For laboratory compatibility studies, binary mixtures of ERY were prepared by using pharmaceutical-grade excipi- ents: magnesium stearate, sodium starch glycolate, povidone and mannitol (99% pure).
Lopes MS, Catelani TA, Carneiro ALCS, Garcia JS, Trevisan MG. Ketoconazole: compatibility with pharmaceutical excipients using DSC and TG techniques.
Clinda­ mycin phosphate (900 mg/dL) is compatible with either cefotaxime sodium (2 g/dL) or netilmicin sulfate (300 mg/dL), when mixed in 5% dextrose and 0.9% sodium chloride injections in glass bottles or PVC bags for at least 24 hours.
The active ingredients thiamethoxam and azadirachtin were compatible with the entomopathogenic fungi.
Thus, azadirachtin and thiamethoxam, following the pattern of compatibility score developed by Alves et al.
Further compatibility tests of the entomopatho- genic fungus Lecaniciilium muscarium with conventional insecticide prod- ucts for control of sweetpotato whiteﬂy, Bemisia tabaci on poinsettia plants.
Patogenicidade de Metarhizium anisopliae a` cigarra do cafe´ Fidicinoides pronoe (Hemiptera: Cicadidae) e sua compatibilidade com agrotoxicos utilizados na cultura do cafeeiro.
Compatibility of Blends of Polyesters with the Polyhydroxyether of Bisphen 01- A INTRODUCTION It was recently that the compatibility of polyesters with certain polymers derived from bisphenol-A owes to specific interactions between polar groups on the two polymer chains.
In the case of blends of polyesters with the polyhydroxyether of bisphenol-A (BPA-phenoxy), the suggestion was made that the pendant hydroxyl group of the phenoxy interacts with the carbonyl of the polyester to promote compatibility.
PET, P-l,2-PT, and P-1,3-PT were found to be incompatible with BPA-phenoxy at all polyester levels.
DSC curves for P-1,3-PT and a 50 wt% blend with BPA-phenoxy CONCLUSION It has been found that terephthalate-based polyesters are not generally compatible with BPA- phenoxy.
These two groups contained sub-tropical and tropical diver- gent populations, which suggested their potential for heterosis breeding for Striga resistance and FOS compatibility.
The compatibility between the DMMP-containing electrolyte and carbonaceous anode was largely dependent on the content of DMMP.
When DMMP was used as a co-solvent in the electrolyte, an ‘‘absolutely’’ nonﬂammable electrolyte with 50% DMMP could be prepared with a very high limited oxygen index (LOI) of 36, but it had poor compatibility with the SMG and MCMB anodes.
Here, the MCMB com- posite electrode containing 75% MCMB, 15% KS6, and 10% PVDF is used to investigate the effect of the solvent com- ponent in the electrolyte on the compatibility between the DMMP-based electrolyte and carbonaceous anode.
2% VEC, is chosen for investigating the effects of various binders on compatibility between the DMMP-based electrolyte and the graphite anode.
Here, based on the coulombic efﬁ- ciency and reversible capacity, obviously the DMMP- based electrolyte has better compatibility with the elec- trodes containing water-soluble binders than that using PVDF.
The result shows that b-nucleated PP was incompatible with PTT, and the addi- tion of the two compatibilizers decreased the interfacial ten- sion between b-nucleated PP and PTT; this led to improved dispersion and strengthened interfacial bonding in the blends.
In spite of the current excitement about SMALPs, their use is limited by the incompatibility of SMA with low pH solutions and polycationic solutes.
Different from SMALPs, the new zSMALPs are compatible with buffers at low pH and in the presence of mul- tivalent cations at millimolar concentrations.
Talc is practically insoluble in organic solvents and in water, and it is incompatible with quater- nary ammonium compounds.
It is incompatible with strong acids, alkalis and iron salts.
Silicon dioxide is undoubtedly a compatible excipient for Mycop.
The results indicated that epoxy resin (EP-P1)/4,4-diaminobisphenol sulfone (DDS) was compatible with liquid oxygen.
EP-P1/DDS, with the greatest liquid oxygen compatibil- ity, also had a highest Tg.
The XPS analysis confirmed that phosphorus atoms on the surface of EP-P1/DDS and EP-P2/DDS could act in the solid phase to restrain the incompatible reaction, which was in accordance with the flame-retardant mechanism of phosphorus-containing com- pounds.
Conclusion The present study revealed the effectiveness of remote intraspecific cross-compatibility between C. sinensis var.
Keywords Backward compatibility, HD, independent scalable video coding, simulcast, UHD Introduction T he switch to digital TV has several advantages over analog TV.
As a result, the RCE occurred in both the compatible and incompatible conditions.
We recently reported an aromatic nitro polymer, poly(vinyl p- nitrobenzal acetal) (PVPNB), synthesized through the reaction of polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) with p-nitrobenzaldehyde.15 PVPNB may present good compatibility with TNT and can be safely applied in TNT-based melt-cast explosives because both com- pounds share the same nitrophenyl group.
On the other hand, the incompatibility of PP and PE in semi-concentrated solution persists above 210°C since three phases are observed indefinitely at this temperature.
So, the 80% PET/20% HDPE polymer blend without maleic anhydride system is incompatible.
As may be expected, BCZY is chemically compatible with CeO2 and Ce0.8Gd0.2O1.9 in air and in reducing atmosphere after 4 h of permanence at 1400 °C.
After the thermal treatment in air and in reducing atmosphere at high temperature (1400 °C), the two mixtures exhibit no additional peaks in comparison to the raw powders, conﬁrming that the un-doped ceria is compatible with BCZY under such conditions as the already studied GDC.
On the other hand, Ceria-based oxides not only showed the expected complete chemical compatibility with BCZY, but they also exhibit a good mechano-chemical compatibility in the typical operative temperature range of hydrogen separation membrane.
5 at selected concentrations, chlorantraniliprole showed good residual activity against C. virescens for up to 16 d under greenhouse condi- tions, suggesting that this insecticide may be effective against target pests while retaining compatibility with beneficial species, a desir- able feature for an integrated pest management of cotton.
Donder’s B- and C-reactions and S –R compatibility.
Conclusions This work showed that is possible to adapt of the tradi- tional Japanese shochu fermentation to the conversion of the starch chestnut into ethanol studying the compatibility of microfungus–yeast in mixed cultures in relation with the concentrations in the solid state system of the amylolitic activity and ethanol.
Drugs with widely diﬀering pH will almost certainly be incompatible.
Then, R is compatible with E. Proof.
The experiment was repeated with the selected combina- tions of wheat cultivars and A. brasilense stains to evaluate the effect of compatibility or compatibility on drought toler- ance.
Based on the results, these symbiosis combinations were classified according to the compatibil- ity of cultivars with A. brasilense strains.
Consequently, Roshan-Sp245 and Shahpasand-Sp7 were found as most compatible and incompatible symbiosis, respectively.
So, Sp245 can cause more drought tolerance via induction of proper compatibility in the host cultivar.
It was found that in the most incompatible symbiosis, the tolerance of plant toward the drought has been decreased due to Sp7 whereas; in the less incompatible symbiosis it was increased due to Sp245 strain.
This positive effect comes from compatibility of wheat cultivar and strains of A. brasilense.
Unlike the Shahpasand-Sp7 as incompatible symbiosis, Shahpasand-Sp245 showed more compatibility and drought tolerance due to the addition of NMR and RTP.
The results are contradictory: the systems at the heating rate of 5 "Cimin have to be judged as compatible, at 20 "Cimin as incompatible.
Our data indicate that Ti-nAg is a novel material with both good antibacterial properties and uncompromised cytocompatibility, which can be used as an implanted biomaterial.
Collectively, Ag-Ti surface has obvious antibacterial activities and excellent cell compatibility.
Since 2000, he has been with Motorola, Freescale, and NXP Semicon- ductors, Tempe, AZ, USA, where his primary techni- cal contributions are in the areas of signal isolation, electromagnetic compatibility, and latch-up across technologies, for analog/RF, mixed-signal, as well as digital designs.
SigniWcant diVerences between the parents at the 1% level, revealed the existence of variability for compatibility and fruit set, with 34% cross-compatibility, 51% partial cross-compatibility and 15% cross-incompatibility recorded, while 37% of the parents were self- compatible.
This range is an indi- cation of wide variability in compatibility among the selected trees.
The problem of low yield in cashew can therefore be approach from many ways ranging from selection of compatible parents, nutrition to enhanced pollination (insect or hand).
The occurrence of self-compatibility in allogamous plants like cashew has been attributed to partial breakdown of the self-incompatibility mechanism, which was attributed to increase selection for high-fruit set over long period of cultivation (Wiersma 2003).
The heparin solution was incompatible with doxx cy- cline hyclate, gentamicin sulfate, nitroglycerin, phen­ ytoin sodium, tobramycin sulfate, and vancomycin hydrochloride.
DISCUSSION We found that naturally occurring variation in soil Ca level is capable of influencing hybridization dynamics in the annual Phlox hybrid system via its effects on pollen–pistil compati- bility.
These observed effects of the soil Ca environment on pollen–pistil compatibility suggest that this environmental factor could increase the number of hybrids produced in sites where P. cuspidata and P. drummondii inhabit soils of different Ca concentrations.
In addition to facilitating hybridization between species, the increased compatibility of pollen grains and pistils from different Ca environments can also impede the process of local adaptation within species by enhancing the performance of pollen dispersed across environments.
The selective origin of incompatibility barriers in the plant genus Gilia.
Since 2009, he has been working at Samsung Display, Su- won, South Korea, where he is the in charge of the electromagnetic compatibility, electrostatic discharge, and signal/ power integrity for OLED display.
The Polystyrene and Polymethyl methacrylate are incompatible, depending on the relative concentrations of Polystyrene and Polymethyl methacrylate; this could in extreme circumstances, leads to aggregation of Polystyrene in the solution.
It is therefore easy that these polymers are incompatible over a wide range of composition of Polyethylene glycol.
are more compatible with permanganate.
In contrast, polyphosphate-based inorganic chelators showed high compatibility due to the redox-inert nature of the chelators.
Diversity of vegetative compatibility groups of Cryphonectria parasitica in Connecticut and Europe.
Spread of Cryphonectria hypovirus 1 into 45 vegetative compatibility types of Cryphonectria parasitica on grafted American chestnut trees.
high diversity of vegetative compatibility types in populations of Cryphonectria parasitica in Croatia.
Cryphonectria parasitica vegetative compatibility type analysis of populations in south-western France and northern Spain.
Hansen A/S is seeking to modify the current Community authorisation and has requested an assessment of the compatibility of its additive Bacillus licheniformis DSM 5749 and Bacillus subtilis DSM 5750 (BioPlus 2B) with the coccidiostat lasalocid A sodium.
Binary and multiple drug mixtures of sildenafil were examined for physical and chemical compatibility to establish compatibility.
Although most cultivars of Japanese plum are self-incompatible, some are self- compatible, which has a horticultural advantage because no cross-pollinator trees are required.
(2009) also confirmed self-compatibility in Japanese plum cultivars with the Se-haplotype, namely ‘Simka’ (SeSk), ‘Casselman’ (ScSe), and ‘Laettitia’ (SeSh).
It has been reported that the Sf-haplotype of Japanese apricot (Tao et al., 2002), the Sc-haplotype of apricot (Burgos et al., 1998), and the Sf-haplotype of almond (Ortega and Dicenta, 2003) also co-segregated with self-compatibility.
Se-haplotype confers self- compatibility in Japanese plum (Prunus salicina Lindl.).
Identification and cDNA cloning for S-RNases in self-incompatible Japanese plum (Prunus salicina Lindl.
They are incompatible with each other.
The very high heat flow during the first 24 h and continued difference between the experimental and calculated heat flow suggest that KB6982 and PMMA are incompatible (Fig.
It was found that SAN and PCL form compatible blends when the AN content of SAN ranges from 8% to 28% by weight.
Blends of PCL and SAN were found to be incompatible when the AN content in SAN is greater than 30 wt % or less than 6 wt %.
It was found that SAN and PCL are compatible if the AN content in SAN ranges from 8 to 28 wt %.
For example, neither poly(para-chlo- rostyrene) nor poly(ortho-chlorostyrene) are compatible with PPO; yet certain of their copolymers are, i.e., copolymers containing 23-64 mol % para-chlo- rostyrene are compatible with PPO.
In contrast to the previously discussed SAN copoly- mers which are compatible with PCL in all proportions, SAN 28 was found to be compatible with PCL in blends containing up to 50 wt % PCL and incom- patible with PCL in blends containing 70 or 85 wt % PCL.
Based on glass transition and cloud point mea- surements, PCL has been found to be compatible with SAN containing AN contents ranging from 8 to 28 wt %.
found to be incompatible.
It has been found that PCL is incompatible with SAN when SAN consists of 6 wt % or less AN and 30 wt % or more AN.
Polystyrene has been found to be incompatible with PCL.
Within the compatible compo- sition range, the proper AN content in SAN provides an adequate balance be- tween competing interactions and leads to an exothermic heat of mixing and compatibility.
The long- term stability and hydrazine compatibility of the EPDM rubber was studied by immersing samples in hydrazine at 70C for a period of time using several analytical techniques.
Cefazolin sodium, ceforanide, and cefuroxime sodium were incompatible with vinorel­ bine tartrate, causing large increases in turbidity over that in the control solutions.
The drugs in these combinations were deemed compatible.
It reveals that the modified resins with excellent ther- mal stability and flame retardancy can display improved liquid oxygen compatibility, resulting from the introduc- tion of ODOPB.
One method used to differenfiate F. oxysporum into formae spé- ciales and further into races or strains uses vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs) (9,27,40).
cepae from onion in Turkey based on vegetative compatibility and rDNA RFLP analysis.
asparagi into vegetatively compatible groups.
Genetic variation among Fusarium oxysporum isolates from sugarbeet as determined by vegetative compatibil- ity.
We have synthesized the MPC copolymers with alkyl methacrylates as novel blood-compatible polymer^.
In conclusion, the blood-compatible MPC polymer was incorporated with SPU by blending from a homo- geneous solution containing SPU and the MPC poly- mer.
per liter is physi­ cally compatible with all Abbo-Litef solutions.
Genetic diversity within F. oxysporum has been categorized extensively by vegeta- tive compatibility grouping in laboratories around the world.
asparagi into vegetatively compatible groups.
Genetic variation among Fusarium oxysporum isolates from sugar beet as determined by vegeta- tive compatibility.
Vegetative-compatibility groups in populations of Fusarium oxysporum in Israel.
Vegetative compatibility of Fusarium oxysporum from sweet basil in Israel.
In 2015 he joined IAV GmbH and is now working in the field of electromagnetic compati- bility and antennas for automotive applications.
from diﬀerent geographic regions, representing all known vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs) except VCG 0097 and VCG 0099 and on eight isolates of F. oxysporum f. sp.
It is now established that most apple cultivars are self incompatible but the pollen of most other com mercial cultivars is capable of inducing fruit formation.
The pH of amioda- rone increased approximately 3 units upon mixing with fosfomycin, and amiodarone was deemed incompati- ble due to an increase in turbidity and color change.
We have used this technology to investigate the compatibility of the cultivars used as parents in the olive breeding program of Córdoba, Spain.
Previous studies have identified compatible and incompatible cross combinations in olive (Cuevas et al., 2001; Morettini et al., 1972), and the inclusion of compatible pollinators has been suggested to ensure a good fruit set.
However, ‘Koroneiki’ has been found to be self-compatible.
Therefore, as a potential compatibilizer for PLA/BF composites, PLA-g-glycidyl methacrylate (GMA) was synthesized by grafting GMA onto PLA using benzoyl peroxide and tert-butyl peroxy benzoate as ini- tiators.
However, previous studies have indicated that the compatibility between PLA and BF is poor.
As a compatibilizer, the epoxy group can react with the hydroxyl group on the surface of BF.
This experimental comparison showed that the compatibiliza- tion had an optimal effect with the addition of 15 phr of PLA-g-GMA.
Thus, PLA-g- GMA effectively improved the compatibility between PLA and BF.
Due to the low entropy of mixing, poly- meric blends are, however, mostly incompatible, and they phase separate under equilib- rium conditions.
Figure 2 fur- ther revealed the effect of the compatibilizer content on Tm.
One can observe that the addi- tion of EPDM-graft-MAH enhanced the viscosity of nylon 11/PE blends, and the higher the compatibi- lizer content, the greater the viscosity.
The addition of EPDM-graft-MAH improved the compatibility of nylon 11 and PE, and increased the interaction among segments.
The slightly increased overlap for the hydroxypropyl cellulose would suggest a slightly enhanced compatibil- ity with ethyl cellulose compared with hydroxypropyl methylcellulose.
Self-compatibility in Carex plantaginea and C. platy- phylla (Cyperaceae).
Therefore, TATB and NTO are both somewhat compatible with CL-20 according to the STANAG criteria.
Consequently, the CL-20/LLM- 105 mixture can also be regarded as compatible because its onset temperature reduction is lower than 4°C, while CL-20/NQ has a degree of incompatibility because the temperature shift of the mixture toward CL-20 is between 4°C and 20°C.
The temperature shift between CL-20 and CL-20/ANPyO is 0.7°C, thus ANPyO is compatible with CL-20 according to STANAG 4147.
In the same bitumen, p4 is more compatible with B1 (1.5 mJ · m−2) than p2 (3.2 mJ · m−2), thanks to a lower interfacial energy, leading to a higher softening point.
In vitro study was conducted to determine the compatibility of M. anisopliae strain ESC-1 with chlorpyrifos, propetamphos, and cy(cid:223)uthrin.
B. bassiana was found to be compatible with abamectin and tri(cid:223)umuron (Anderson et al.
excipients were found to be compatible with Ranolazine.
Aggregates with dimensions on the tens of microns scale are induced by DDAB-GO, showing the poor compatibility between P3HT and DDAB-GO.
The ﬁnding of this new WC locus not only enriches the wide compatibility sources, but also provides an ideal genetic tool for breeding WC indica lines to exploit inter-subspeciﬁc heterosis in rice.
Suppose Firm 2 makes its product compatible.
Thus, the hydrogel forms inﬂuenced in vitro cyto- and biocompatibility.
The second assay tested the compatibility of insects with S. carpocapsae under more realistic conditions using a foliar application of 4000 IJs ml−1 on tomato plants.
drosophilae adults proved to be compatible with nematodes and the immature stages of the parasitoid would be out of range for the EPNs.
compatibility with HMX, while the SP-755/IPDI (ΔTmax = 16.5°C) and SP-755/TDI (ΔTmax = 14.3° C) show poor compatibility and they can be rated as C and B, respectively.
Conclusions The compatibility between HMX and PET polyol-based PUs containing different curatives has been studied by means of DSC method.
CONCLUSION Sixty-four IV drugs were found to be compatible with cloxacillin via simulated Y-site, whereas 25 drugs were found to be incompatible with the antibiotic.
Considering the above facts, in our earlier attempts, we characterized SF isolated from the cocoons of A. assama as a novel biodegradable, biocompatible biomaterial with potential for TE applica- tions.
In the blend with 75 wt % of FKM, we observed that it is technologically compatible due to the increase of physical properties and the decrease of the domain size of FE-SEM in 25/75 SR/FKM blend.
It is thought that the 25/75 SR/ FKM blend showed better technological compatibility.
Results of physical properties measurements reveal the blends of SR and FKM are technologically compatible.
Therefore, we found that blend with 75 wt % FKM is technologically compatible due to interaction between SR and FKM from FE-SEM images.
Ghosh and De52 have reported that the 50/50 blend of SR and FKM is technologically compatible.
Extensive studies have been carried out on species of the Solanaceae, which also exhibits a gametophytic system of incompatibility.
The S-RNases may be speciﬁcally taken up by incompatible pollen tubes.
Pre- liminary studies revealed that application of TG traces alone to detect incompatibilities in the mixtures of hydrocortisone with excipients yields misleading results due to overlapping of the thermal stages in the course of decomposition of both the ingredients and their mixtures.
4a where hydrocortisone is incompatible with mag- nesium stearate.
Incompatibility of hydrocortisone with b-cy- clodextrin was also detected with the aid of PCA.
A comparison of the CA tree diagrams of mixtures of compatible ingredients with those of hydrocortisone with magnesium stearate and b-cyclodextrin shows different organisation of the cluster.
This shows that hydrocortisone is incompatible also with b-cyclodextrin.
This result suggests that hydrocortisone and magnesium stearate are incompatible.
Ther- mal compatibility between hydroquinone and retinoic acid in pharma- ceutical formulations.
Risperidone-solid-state pharmaceutical compatibility using thermal and non-thermal techniques.
However, poly(4-vinylphenol) was found to be incompatible with poly(methy1 methacrylate) or poly(styrene-co-acrylonitrile).
Results Novolac 1 was incompatible with PS.
Poly(4-vinylphenol) was incompatible with either PSAN or PMMA.
Changing to poly(1-butene sulfone) from PMPS is enough to cause the system to become incompatible.
Hydrogen bonding is also the reason that adding acrylonitrile units to polystyrene to form PSAN results in compatibility with the novolacs.
Some polymeric phenols, such as poly(4-vinyl- phenol), are incompatible with PSAN or PMMA but our substituted-phenol novolacs are compatible.
A total of 8 drugs were found to be physically incompatible.
Eight drugs, ciprofloxacin, cyclosporine, diazepam, ketamine, lorazepam, nitroglycerin, phenytoin, and propofol, were found to be incompatible and should not be administered with LR.
Lactated Ringer’s injec- tion and each other drug were tested at 1 concentration, and it is possible that the incompatible combinations might be compatible when mixed at lower concentrations.
The water in PMMA and PVMB with poor compatibility existed as nonfreezing water and PVMB had a low water content, while PMEA, PMEMA, PVMEB, and PMA with good performance had relatively high Wfz values.
2H-NMR and 13C-NMR study of hydration behavior of poly(2-methoxyethyl acrylate) (PMEA), poly(2- hydroxyethyl methacrylate) (PHEMA) and poly(tetrahydrofurfuryl acrylate) (PTHFA) in rela- tion to their blood compatibility as biomaterials.
In each session, there were both compatible and incompati ble S-R pairings.
The HNT-SHBPES showed good compatibility with the PES membrane matrix, and a series of PES/HNT-SHBPES hybrid membranes offered improved porosity, surface mean pore size, hydrophilicity, permeability, and anti-fouling properties.
The incorporation of HNT-SHBPES into PES UF membranes not only increases the hydrophilic and anti-fouling properties of PES membranes with the help of -SO3H, but also enhances the compatibility between HNTs and PES matrix in the presence of HBPES.
As a result, versus the original HNTs, HNT-SHBPES showed good compatibility with a PES membrane matrix.
HNT-SHBPES showed good compatibility with PES membrane matrix.
For instance, Chandy and Sharma12 prepared blend mem- branes of poly(vinyl alcohol) and chitosan and evalu- ated their blood compatibility and permeability be- havior for low molecular weight compounds.
Adopt- ing a novel route of hydrogel synthesis, Bajpai and Sani13 prepared binary blends of polyvinyl alcohol and casein by freezing–thawing method and investi- gated water sorption and blood compatibility proper- ties.
In particular, contacts used in silicon IC's are incompatible contacts used for GaAs due to the formation of Au-AI compounds (purple plague) (2).
Since il is aluminum, it is compatible with aluminum­ technology, allowing GaAs/Si based silicon IC interconnection with Au-AI contacts.
We suggest that very-long-chain aldehydes are pivotal for chemical compatibility at the level of fungal penetration.
In 2015, youku and tudou, two of the biggest video media companies in China, have announced to be compatible with each other.
The NPs of Al, Fe, and Fe2O3 have acceptable compatibility with hydrocarbon rubber SKD in addition to TM and paraffin.
Various types of paclitaxel-compatible solution contain ers are available, including glass bottles, semirigid polyole fin plastic bags, and polypropylene containers.
The physical compatibility and chemical stability of mycophenolate mofetil were tested with cefepime, cy- closporine, dopamine, norepinephrine, tacrolimus, vancomycin, and 0.9% sodium chloride injection.
Titanium also has good mechanical properties and excellent biocompatibility.
Ito and Imanishi synthesized a SPU containing carboxylic groups which improved the biocompatibility compared to the base SPU.'
Evaluation of wide compatibility and agronomic traits The seed-setting rates of F1 hybrids obtained from E1C4008S-4 and 4008S crossing with indica and japonica rice varieties, respectively, were investigated.
not significantly change the wide compatibility and main agronomic traits of E1C4008S-4.
However, due to the reproductive isolation between indica and japonica subspecies, the seed-setting rate of inter-subspecies hybrids is low, which needs to be overcome by wide compatibility.
4008S is also an elite japonica male sterile line with wide compatibility.
Implications: Ceftazidimeeavibactam, at concentrations of 8, 25, and 50 mg/mL, appeared compatible with aztreonam at concentrations of 10 and 20 mg/mL.
The combination of phenytoin + aztreonam blocked the passage of indicating incompatibility, in both sets of experiments.
On the other hand, some lithium salts, such as lithium bis(oxalato)borate (LiBOB),11 lithium diﬂuoro- (oxalato)broate (LiDFOB),12 and lithium bis(ﬂuorosulfonyl)- imide (LiFSI),13 exhibit a superior compatibility with graphite.
CONCLUSIONS We have introduced HFE into an EC-based nonaqueous electrolyte as a cosolvent and compared the compatibility of graphite with HFE and FEC.
Levetiracetam was incompatible with piperacillin-tazobactam 45 mg/mL.
LEV was compatible with 10 of the 11 tested drugs.
However, anecdotal reports from our institu- tion suggest vancomycin and piperacillin-tazobactam are visually incompatible via Y-site infusion at pre- mix concentrations.
 Hospital Pharmacy 137 Vancomycin/Zosyn Incompatibility
Notably, PMMA-BPO cements with NAC turned out to be as biocompatible as the PMMA-TBB.
It is almost inexhaustible, and it is clean and environmentally the most compatible energy- source.
It is concluded that the Hydrogen Energy-system is the most efficient and economical energy-system possible, and that it results in the environmentally most compatible and permanent energy-system when coupled with solar energy as the primary energy-source.
However, P(S-oFS) are compatible with PPO.
In the case of styrene-o( p)-chlorostyrene copolymers, it was shown that they may be compatible with PPO depending only on the copolymer compositions [3,5;7].
- Copolymer blench P(S-pFS) copolymers containing from 8 to 56 mole % of pFS are compatible with PPO using the criteria of single calorimetric relaxation and film clarity.
Copolymers of P(S-oFS) having 91% or less of oFS are compatible with PPO in all proportions of component.
Samples copolymer are compatible with PPO even at 325°C.
PPO-P(S-oFS) All compatible copolymer blends were exposed to the same thermal treatment as described for the blends of copolymers of PFS and styrene with PPO.
It was found that raising the temperature up to 325OC does not influence the compatibility of the blends containing 80 $6 or less of o-fluorostyrene.
c o m p o s i t i o n : o n e S r o f p F S a t d i f f e r e n t than 76% of pCIS and P(S-oCIS) chlorostyrene are compatible with PPO [3,5,7].
CONCLUSIONS In both poly(styrene-p-fluorostyrene) and poly(styrene-o-fluorostyrene) copo- influence on the lymers, it was found that copolymer composition has a pronounced compatibility with PPO.
Copolymers P(S-oFS) having less than 91% of oFS are compatible with PPO in all proportions of components.
Two drugs exhib­ ited incompatibilities with thiotepa.
.Ml the test drugs except cisplatin and minocycline hy­ drochloride were compatible with thiotepa 1 mg/ml.
Only the combination of thiotepa and cisplatin changed sufficiently for the drugs to be considered incompatible in terms of turbid- ity.
Among biopolymers, polylactide (PLA) is very popular due to its excellent bio- degradability, mechanical properties, and biocompatibil- ity.
The effect of NBR on the compatibility between CR and PVC was mainly analyzed by studying the thermal behavior and the phase structure of CR/PVC blends.
Due to the improved compatibility between CR and PVC, the size of PVC particles in CR/PVC blends decreased a lot according to the scanning electronic microscopic images.
This indicates that the inevitable incompatibility between CR and PVC results in a bad mechani- cal properties.
On the other hand, the decrement in the size of PVC phase resulting from the compatibility of NBR is also speculated to be an important reason for the decrease in G0 of CR/PVC blends.
Although the species was introduced in 1972 in India (Das, Bhattacharjya & Sarma 1994), lack of information on its compatibility, growth perfor- mance and interaction with Indian major carps in the polyculture system has been a major limitation for its propagation in Indian aquaculture systems.
In the presence of silver barb, no signi¢cant variations in the survival of any particular Indian major carp species among the treatments suggest possible compatibility among the species.
In this case, as expected, PVPy and PVP show high incompatibility with the PS homopolymer.
INTRODUCTION In an earlier article1 a partially modified polystyrene (PS), poly(styrene-co- vinylphenyl hexafluorodimethyl carbinol)(PHFA), was shown to be completely compatible with two amorphous polymers, bisphenol A polycarbonate and poly(n-butyl methacrylate), with which PS itself is incompatible.
Blends of PMA and PEO were essentially incompatible at all compositions (Table XI).
The effect of temperature on hydrogen bonding in compatible blends of PFA/PEO (4/1) and PHFA/PEO (4/1) was also studied by FT-IR.
Discussion Trissel and Martinez6 reported that selected antimi- crobials were compatible with filgrastim 30 µg/mL on the basis of visual inspection and turbidity measure- ments.
The largest network, Vodacom, remained incompatible to the other three networks.
Montañana 930, 50059 Zaragoza Spain Keywords: Prunus amygdalus Batsch., pollination, quantitative trait Abstract The evidence of almond self-pollination over almost a century has shown a high variability of fruit set, ranging from nil, indicating self-incompatibility, to very high, reaching the level of a normal crop and confirming self-compatibility in these genotypes.
The cultivars were classified in four groups: (1) 16 were considered fully self-incompatible; (2) six partially self-compatible but economically self- incompatible, with fruit sets ranging from 0.2 to 2.2%; (3) one self-compatible, ‘Pestaneta’, with a self set of 15.1%; and (4) two highly self-compatible: ‘José Dias’ (33.9%) and ‘Duro Italiano’ (34.5%).
PARTIAL SELF-COMPATIBILITY As already mentioned, almond, unlike many other species (Fryxell, 1957), does not show a clear-cut separation between self-compatible and self-incompatible forms, thus allowing the possibility of establishing gradations of self-compatibility.
These forms are essentially self-incompatible, and the few fruits obtained when self-pollinated do not constitute a commercial crop.
The crosses between SOSO and S3LSV were compatible.
In conclusion, our results provide strong evidence that SSK serves as a novel adaptor for a canonical SCFSLF complex and is required for cross-pollen compatibility in S-RNase-based SI, consistent with genetic studies showing that pollen S functions as an inhibitor of non-self S-RNases in the Solanaceae and Plantaginaceae.
"near compatible" solutions to lighting problems associated with the use of AN /PVS -5 systems.
Numerous methods, j louvers, filters, low intensity lamps, etc., have been attempted to provide "compatible" cockpits.
Polar lubricants such as mono- and diesters of glycerol are compatible and interact with PVC molecules and isolate them partly from the other polymer molecules.
Another method based on chromatographic measure- ment of glass transition temperature found that methyl stearate is more compatible with PVC than ethyl and butyl stearates (1 1).
Discussion The present study demonstrates the physicochemical compatibility of all binary mixtures of acetaminophen, ketoprofen, nefopam and ketamine at clinically relevant concentrations and at room temperature.
Phenytoin and diazepam are incompatible with both balanced electrolyte solutions and NS: an insoluble precipita- tion formed shortly after mixing.
Diazepam and pheny- toin are incompatible with BS, BS-G1, and NS.
was compatible with BS-G1.
The desig­ nation "incompatible" for albumin and verapamil was based on an increase in haze during the obser­ vation period.
(2015) demonstrated that the combi- nation of C. rosea IK726 with other P. chlororaphis strains is compatible.
Disaccharides composed of glucose and galactose (lactose, melibiose) are less compatible with P EG in solution than those with glucose and fructose (sucrose, palatinose).
The compatibility of the binary systems PS + PS-PMS, PMS + PS-PMS, PS + PtBS, and PtBS + PS-PtBS and of the ternary system PS + PMS + PS-PMS was characterized by energy transfer between carbazole donors attached to the block copolymers and the anthracene acceptor carried by the homopolymers.
Two Tg tran- sitions were also found in blends of PS-80 with PtBS-58, which could all be characterized as incompatible.
The system is compatible.
Using the microcalorimetry the compatibility between 2-( 5-cyanotetra- method, 1II)perchlorate (CP) and Al and Cu was tested at 50°C in Fig.
CuS-based photothermal materials are excellent because of their simple preparation, high absorption coefficient, low cost, high stability, and good biocompatibility.
These observations lead us to conclude that these polyol osmolytes are compatible with the function of both lysozyme and RNase-A at pH 7.0 and 25 °C.
A formulation composed of 60%HAN/14% glycine has been developed to be compatible with state-of-art catalysts.
We analysed the compatibility of the organic salts of Ca2+ and P using Ca2+ gluconate 10% (0.446 mEq/mL; Monico) and FDP 10% (0.47 mEq/mL of P; Esafosﬁna, Biomedica Foscama).
This study suggests that the use of organic sources of Ca2+ and P enhances the compatibility of the two ions.
The reason for the good biocompatibility behav- ior is a 5-6 nm thin oxide layer (TiOz) which forms under atmospheric conditions.
Conflicting reports have been reported on the blend compatibility of poly(vinyl alcohol), PVA, and chitosan, CS polymers.
Despite being an excellent leafminer insecti- cide, our results suggest that abamectin is compatible with the parasitoid D. isaea for leafminer control in greenhouses provided that the duration of its residual toxicity is taken into account.
IctApiFinder finds incompatible API usages in 361 (25.33%) of the total 1,425 Apps.
IctApiFinder successfully finds these incompati- ble API usage issues, demonstrating its effectiveness.
IctApiFinder detects incompatible API usage issues on 361 Apps out of the 1,425 Apps we tested.
Based on these results, a new SPUU-PEO-Heparin graft copolymer containing covalently bound heparin was developed to improve the Mood compatibility of SPUU.
In this study, PMPU was syn- thesized to improve compatibility with PSf.
The hemi- biotrophic oomycete infects the roots and establishes a compatible interaction with F. sylvatica.
An unknown mecha- nism promotes somatic incompatibility in Ceratobasidium bicorne.
Somatic incompatibility and individualism in the coprophilous basidiomycete, Coprinus cinereus.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Leucocytospora kunzei.
Of the 95 drugs tested, isavuconazonium sulfate was physically compatible with 66 drugs in 0.9% sodium chloride injection and 60 drugs in 5% dextrose injection.
Azithromycin, bumetanide, penicillin G potassium, and piperacillin– tazobactam were incompatible with isavuconazonium sulfate in 5% dex- trose injection only.
Of the 95 drugs tested, isavuconazonium sulfate 1.5 mg/mL was physically compatible with 66 drugs in 0.9% sodium chloride injection and 60 drugs in 5% dextrose injection.
drugs), isavuconazonium sul- fate 1.5 mg/mL was physically compatible with 66 drugs in 0.9% sodium chloride injec- tion and 60 drugs in 5% dex- trose injection.
Azithromycin, bumetanide, pen- icillin G potassium, and piperacillin– tazobactam were compatible with isavuconazonium sulfate only in 0.9% sodium chloride injection and incom- patible when mixed in 5% dextrose injection.
The compatibility of ceftolozane– tazobactam was confirmed in repeated experiments.
Conclusion Of the 95 drugs tested, isavuco- nazonium sulfate 1.5 mg/mL was physically compatible with 66 drugs in 0.9% sodium chloride injection and 60 drugs in 5% dextrose injection.
Physical compatibility of telavancin hydrochloride with select i.v.
rAAV was found to be compatible with each of these.
‘Frantoio’ (as a host) was incompatible with ‘Koroneiki’ and ‘Barnea’ but partially compatible with ‘Mission’.
‘Koroneiki’ (as a host) was incompatible with ‘Barnea’ but partially compatible with ‘Frantoio’ and ‘Mission’.
‘Manzanillo’ (as a host), for example, is cross- incompatible with ‘Mission’ and ‘Ascolana’ (Cuevas & Polito 1997).
Materials and methods Sexual compatibility was studied in 2004 on three trees for each of the cultivars ‘Frantoio’, ‘Koroneiki’ and ‘Kalamata’ in the NOVA collection.
‘Frantoio’ (as a host) was also cross- incompatible with ‘Barnea’ and ‘Koroneiki’ but partially compatible with ‘Mission’.
(2005) found incompatibility between ‘Koroneiki’ (as a host) and ‘Frantoio’.
In conclusion, the results show the presence of self- and cross-incompatibility in ‘Frantoio’, ‘Koroneiki’ and ‘Kalamata’ under the environmental conditions of Roseworthy, SA, Australia.
The 13 hydrotalcite (mix-MHT) obtained by adding glycerin co-solvent during the nucleation 14 possessed the smallest particle sizes with the narrowest size distribution and highest 15 hydrophobic surface of the particles, which made the mix-MHT particles to disperse 16 uniformly throughout the PP matrix due to its good compatibility with PP.
Conclusions Based on data analyzed, the association of deltame- thrin and M. anisopliae revealed compatibility between them.
In order to further investigate the inﬂuence of interface compatibility and molecular orientation on the device perfor- mance, another two organic silanes, (3-chloro)propyltriethox- ysilane (CPTS) and vinyltriethoxysilane (VTS), with different Organic Thin Film Transistor J. Phys.
compatibility of diethylcarbamazine 9.
We conclude that Wolbachia inﬂuence pheromone production in D. simulans males and females, thereby affecting between-sex communication and gamete compatibility.
2014 Genetic incompatibilities are widespread within species.
ters from the remaining characters, all of which show some incompatibility.
The compatibility of hypericin and usnic acid was analyzed by spectrophotometry FTIR and NMR methods.
However, TPS/PLA blends have poor mechanical properties due to poor compatibility between TPS and PLA [4].
Phase compatibilization through chemical exchange reactions in blends of copolyesters with poly (hydroxyether of bisphenol-A) upon Annealing.
the events during evolution independent of of Lycopersicon, with self-compatibility being monophyletic in all species except L. hirsutum f. glabratum.
A breakdown of self-incompatibility has occurred in some species of Lycopersicon.
This suggests that suppression of HT-B expression in the SC taxa may thus be associated with the breakdown of self- incompatibility in the genus Lycopersicon.
The ligninsulfonates Spray-gro Zn/Mn PC and SJB were most compatible with Ampol D-C-Tron NR, and had relatively low potential for Zn pollution of the environment.
We tested the compatibility of zinc (Zn) and the PSO Ampol D-C-Tron NR, which is commonly used to control foliar pests such as citrus leafminer.
Conclusions Of the foliar nutrient sprays tested, the PSO Ampol D-C-Tron NR was most compatible with the Zn ligninsulfonates Spray-gro ZnIMn PC and SJB.
We assessed the compatibility between the most common pesticide used in Brazil for the treatment of maize seeds, composed of two fungicides, and one insecticide, with the commercial strains Ab-V5 and Ab-V6 of A. brasilense, and evaluated the impacts on initial plant development.
In order to evaluate the compatibility between the pesticide and the A. brasilense inoculant, as well as the eﬀects on seed germi- nation and initial growth of maize seedlings, maize seeds (Agroceres AG9010 PRO VT) were surface-disinfected and, depending on the treatment, were treated or not with Standak™ Top and with a mixture of strains Ab-V5 and Ab- V6 of A. brasilense.
Wu et al.12synthesized maleic anhydride (MAH) grafted EPDM and glycidyl methacrylate (GMA) grafted EPDM as compatibilizers of PA6/ poly(phenylene oxide) blends.
This indicated better compatibility of PA6/SBS-g-MAH.
This suggests the better compatibility of the PA6/SBS-g- MAA and PA6/SBS-g-MAH blends.
This is a possible reason for the better compatibility of PA6/SBS-g-MAH than PA6/SBS-g-MAA.
It consists in doping TCP and HAp with trace elements which do not break biocompatibility.
Both IgM and IgG are taken into account in ABO-incompatible transplan- tation.
Reproductive compatibility testing has remained the only method for separating T. minu- tum and T. platneri.
The two species do show a degree of compatibility in the laboratory.
Mean oﬀspring sex ratios (MSR) from interspeciﬁc crosses between partially compatible and incompatible cultures of T. minutum and T. platneri that produce some female progeny, showing that the frequency of daughters produced depends on the species of the mother.
Also, interspeciﬁc compatibility is limited.
In terms of gypsum compatibility, the nonantimicrobial COE Alginate was compatible with all disinfectant and gypsum combinations tested.
Seven of the 11 combinations that failed the gypsum compatibility test used the chlorine group disinfectants.
Biocompatibility of poly(lactic acid) with incorporated graphene-based materials.
niveum imported from various locations around the world, were tested for pathogenicity on watermelon and used to determine vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs) within F. oxysporum f. sp.
Since F. oxysporum lacks a sexual stage, genetic interaction is thought to be r~stricted primarily to strains that are vegetatively compatible with one another.
Subsequent studies have used vegeta- tive compatibility to define, subdivide, or differentiate strains and pathogenic races in F. oxysporum f. sp.
In screening 180 isolates of F. oxysporum from soil for vegetative compatibility, only 12 isolates were found to be TABLE 1.
Of the 180 isolates of F. oxysporum from soil, only the 12 isolates that were compatible with the pathogen VCGs were pathogenic on watermelon, causing wilt ranging from 15 to 85% on susceptible cultivars.
asparagi into vegetatively compatible groups.
P1 is compatible with P2 but not compatible with P3.
Else The two protocols are not compatible in terms of ACP.
cepae recovered from diseased onions growing in the western, southern, and northern regions of Colorado were placed into vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs) based on pairing of complementary mutants.
Genetic variation among Fusarium oxy- sporum isolates from sugar beet as deter- mined by vegetative compatibility.
Virulence and vegetative compatibility of Dutch and Italian isolates of Fusarium oxysporum f. sp.
phaseoli and betae in dry beans (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) and sugar beet (Beta vulgaris L.) by pathogenicity and vegetative compatibility grouping.
Heterokaryon compatibility of unrelated strains in the Aspergillus nidulans group.
Heterokaryon compatibility of closely related wild isolates of Aspergillus nidulans.
They found that EBA was more compatible with aliphatic hydrocarbon and ter- pene phenolic tackiﬁers than EVA and that EBA copoly- mer was more compatible with broader content of tackiﬁer.
They also showed that the compatibility of EBA increased by increasing the molecular weight of the aliphatic hydro- carbon tackiﬁer.
The interactions between EBA and tackiﬁer are tightly related to their compatibility.
On the other hand, the components in EBA hot melts containing rosin ester, polyterpene, and cycloaliphatic-aromatic hydrocar- bon tackiﬁer are the most compatible, and they show similar compatibility.
The aromatic and aliphatic hydrocarbon tackiﬁers are less compatible with EBA and waxes than the other tackiﬁers.
7b, the joint made with EBA hot melt containing cycloali- phatic-aromatic hydrocarbon resin shows the highest T-peel strength, and this HMA also has good compatibility.
Similarly, the adhesion of EBA-RE and EBA-Tp to alu- minum foil is high because of the good compatibility between their components, and the adhesion of EBA-Ar and EBA-Al is poor because of the incompatibility between their components.
Because of EBA-CyAr has good compatibility due to molecular interactions between the tackiﬁer and the ethylene domains of EBA, the molecular interaction of the n-butyl acrylate domains in EBA with the aluminum foil surface can be favored, explaining the different trend obtained.
The HMAs containing the most compatible tackiﬁers (rosin ester, polyterpene and cycloaliphatic-aro- matic hydrocarbon tackiﬁer) showed the highest tack and adhesion to nonpolar and polar substrates.
On the contrary, the HMAs containing the less-compatible tackiﬁers (aro- matic and aliphatic hydrocarbon tackiﬁers) showed the lowest tack and adhesion to nonpolar and polar substrates.
Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy analysis revealed that its good compatibility can be attributed to the strong interaction between oxyethyl units and PVC.
However, except for a few cardanol derivatives, most of them can only be used as secondary plasticizers due to their poor compatibility with PVC.
First, the polar groups including carboxylic ester, and oxyethyl units of dimer acid esters strongly interact with the polar fraction of the PVC, which can reduce the friction of the PVC matrix and increase their compatibility.
First, the polar groups including carboxylic ester, and oxyethyl units of dimer acid esters strongly interact with the polar fraction of the PVC, which can reduce the friction of the PVC matrix and increase their compatibility.
This gives DA-4 better compatibility.
This indicates that these plasticizers have good miscibility with PVC, while the samples of PVC-DA-2 and PVC-DA-4 are optically opaque due to their poor compatibilities.
The satisfactory performance of DA-8 can be attributed to the fact that the polarity of the plasticizer DA-2n increased with the number of ﬂexible oxyethyl units, which consequently improves the compatibility between the plasticizer and PVC.
It was found that oxyethyl units can eﬃciently improve the compatibility, plasticization, and thermal stability of plasticized PVC.
The polar oxyethyl unit was found to encourage the compatibility between PVC and dimer acid esters-based plasticizers.
hch lacks the polymorphic region found in the N. crassa alleles and may have no role in determining whether two strains of P. anserina are vegetatively compatible.
Heterokaryon self- incompatibility in Gibberella fujikuroi (Fusarium moniliforme).
Previous reports have also indicated that mixed AmB and IL are physically compatible and stable for over 24 h at AmB concentrations of up to 2 mg/ml (19, 26, 27).
JR-East made its electronic ticketing system Suica, which it introduced in 2001, compatible with electronic money in 2004.
Additionally, the compatibility of HADNAF with other materials (e.g.
The difference (ΔTp) between Tp1 and Tp2 can be used to investigate the compatibility of HADNAF with other materials.
On the basis of compati- bility with lithium, molybdenum is probably the most attractive of the three base metals.
But a chemical incompatibility was observed using a spectrophotometric method in the spectra of irinotecan- HCl and epirubicin-HCl.
It is concluded that these drugs are chemically incompatible.
is It thought It has been considered that these two drugs are chemically incompatible.
Thus, pentaeryrithritol compatibility of mixtures of various polymers and was extended tetra- nitrate (PETN) and nitro_guanidine (NGN) were used along with additional polymers such as Celcon, Deh-in 500, polyvinylpyrrolidone, polysulfone and carboxymethylcellulose.
From this tabIe, the following polymers are compatible with PETN: PE, PSt, Epon 828 (BF,- cured), PIBM, CMC, and parylene.
In 1984, he joined the Brazilian Telecommunica- tion Operator (Telebr´as), where he was involved in electrical protection, electromagnetic compatibility, and safety.
98 Comparison of vegetative compatibility and pathogenicity on cucurbit differentials Examination of vegetative compatibility, using nitrate nonutilising mutants, indicated that C. orbiculare, C. tr(folii, C. lindemuihianum and C. malvarum have a limited number of VCGs.
Whether daptomycin is compatible with dialysis solu- tion	containing	dextrose,	icodextrin,	or	amino	acids	for	 extended	periods	of	time	and	at	various	temperatures	is	 currently unknown.
There are some kinds of resins, such as polytetrafluoroethylene, fluoroethylene, and polychlorotrifluoroethylene known to be compatible with LOX while the poor mechanical properties and difficulty in machine-molding restrict their application in producing LOX tank.
Results of a field study comparing seed production of isolated and open- pollinated 'Paloma' panicles indicate that self-incompatibility is not important.
The seed production data together with the morphological char- acteristics suggest that the Paloma Indian ricegrass flower most often pollinates itself and that seed production is not limited by self-incompatibility.
C. nitida is self- varying degrees of self- fertile, although with incompatibilities occurring among trees (Bodard, 1995).
In addition, 17 pairs that were pre- dicted to be compatible were found incompatible by TUBE.
Therefore, the PMMA/PVC blends used in this work are compatible but the PS/PVC blends are not.
From thermal and mechanical analysis, it appears that the PMMA/PVC blend has good compatibility, while the PS/PVC blend has a poor compatibility.
The compatible and incompatible models reproduce the experimental results well for the PMMA/PVC and PS/PVC blends, respectively.
Therefore, the ICTs can be said to be compatible with the DCT.
The stimuli were displayed on IBM-compatible microcomputers, with 14" VGA colour monitors.
Investigations showed that BSCF is chemically compatible with 8YSZ and 20GDC at temperatures up to 800 °C, above which severe reactions were detected.
Therefore, LNF and LN possessed good chemical and thermal compatibility with BCY and BZY electrolyte materials and can be used in SOFCs based on both cerate and zirconate electrolytes.
The YCBC also has acceptable thermal and chemical compatibility for its application as the cathode ma- terial coupled with zirconate-based electrolytes.
Differential scanning calorimetric (DSC), dynamic mechanical, thermogravimetric, and scanning electron microscopic analyses indicated that PVA and DNA are compatible in a wide range of compositions.
This result seems to reﬂect the compatibility of PVA/DNA blends.
The dynamic mechanical characterization as well as DSC analysis suggested that PVA and DNA were compatible in a wide range of compo- sitions.
Grafting of BMI to PP chains improves compatibility in PA6/PP blend and increases PP adhesion to glass fiber.
As compatibilizors, the authors have used polypropylene modified with maleic anhydride or acrylic acid.
At a frequency of only 100 kc, J Coupling by means of various elements can result in a serious electro-compatibility problem.
The purpose of our work was to determine whether G. ashmeadi in the USA and northeastern Mexico is one species or a complex of reproductively incompatible sibling species.
Production of any fe- male oﬀspring indicated sexual compatibility between individuals and production of only males indicated sex- ual incompatibility between diﬀerent populations of G. ashmeadi.
Reproductive compatibility Using reciprocal crosses we investigated reproductive compatibility between CA G. ashmeadi and G. ashmeadi originating in TX, FL, and LA.
The reproductive compatibility of New World screwworms, Cochliomyia hominivorax (Coquerel), from North Africa and a strain being mass produced for the Mexican eradication programme was examined to assess the feasibility of using flies from the Mexican screwworm mass production facility for a sterile insect technique eradi- cation programme in North Africa.
Test results indicate that New World screwworms from North Africa are reproductively compatible with the strain currently being mass produced in Mexico.
Abstract: Phosphonate-based scale inhibitors are widely in the upstream oil and gas industry but many of them lack good compatibility with high calcium brines.
dHSI, heterokaryon self incompatible.
The results showed that, compared with PU/VER(St)IPN, the degree of carbonyl hydro- gen bonding in PU/VER(EA)IPN increased because EA substituted for St, resulting in better compatibility of PU/ VER(EA)IPN.
On the contrary, because of the low compatibility of PPO/benzene and PPO/CH2Cl2, PPO molecules could not fully dissolve in these two solvents.
It is found that as CH2Cl2 increases, the compatibility between PPO and mixed solvent decreases.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Verticillium dahliae isolates from olive in western Turkey.
Vegetative compatibility of Verticillium dahliae isolates from potato and sunflower using nitrate non-utilizing (nit) mutants and PCR-based approaches.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae isolates from different hosts in Greece.
Vegetative compatibility in Verticil- lium dahliae from several European countries.
To determine the number of vegetative compatibility groups in Castilla y León and the distribution of these groups across the region, a total of 516 isolates of C. parasitica were studied.
Diversity of vegetative compatibility groups of Cryphonectria parasitica in Connecticut and Europe.
CD and VF compatibility now becom e mutually exclusive.
As ® gu re 2d shows, however, their distribution was far from even, being more than one order of m agnitude more frequent in the VF-incompatible than the VF-compatible conditions.
The present study investigated the mycelial compatibility of 53 Macrophomina phaseolina isolates, collected from sunflower, maize and soybean in different regions of Hungary, in order to characterize the diversity of the pathogen.
They are considered as incompatible with chito- san since changes in chemical structure of the excipients impair its functionality.
Overall, the μSR-FTIR results of gelatin/HPMC blends in this study confirmed that the HPMC and gelatin were partially compatible.
truncatus, the primary intermediate host of S. bovis, appears to be incompatible with local S. haematobium.
truncatus was not compatible with S. haematobium from Senegal.
However, two laboratory stocks of snails originating from Dakar and Thies were shown to be compatible with isolates of S. haematobium from areas in Africa where trans mission is through Bu.
The S. haematobium from the Upper Valley of the SRB (Sekokoto, Mali) was compatible with Bu.
The S. haematobium from Office du Niger (Siguivouce, Mali) was also compatible with truncatus from Mali and the Bu.
Indeed, graft in compatibility between pear and quince at el evated temperatures correlates positively with the production of prunasin (a cyanogenic gly coside) in the quince stock.
A struc tural study of an incompatible heterograft between Sedum telephoides (Crassulaceae) and Solanum pen nellii (Solancaceae).
Conversely, the thermal stability of the S products was higher than 250°C, and the stearyl group was compatible with polyoleﬁn.
In 2011–2013, a study on the crossing compatibility and the setting of fruit in distant hybridization within the genus Prunus, among the species P. armeniaca L. (apricot), P. salicina Lindl.
The small number of fruits obtained in our study could have resulted from the genetic incompatibil- ity between the genotypes of P. cerasifera and P. ar- meniaca.
This indi- cates that the influence of the genotype of maternal from of P. salicina on the compatibility and effec- tiveness of distant hybridization of these species is greater than the influence of the paternal form of P. armeniaca and P. cerasifera.
The considered poly(cid:2) mers are compatible because μ1 < 1.374β1.
Fluo rouracil16mg!mLadrnixed with hydromorphone 0.5 mg/mL in dextrose 5% and NaCI 0.9% is also physically compati ble and both drugs are chemically stable for 35 days only if the solutions are stored at 4 or -20°C.
(2018) demonstrated the existence of at least two distinct species within MED species „subgroups‟ based on mating compatibility.
(2004) reported partial reproductive compatibility between SSA2 (UgCas-Nam) and SSA1-SG3 (TzCas-Mtw) B. tabaci in an earlier mating study carried out between the two species.
Hence, the Pr2NiO4 cathode is compatible with LSC current collector when measured at 750oC up to 500 hours.
Introduction In cherry (Prunus avium), an economically important member of the Rosaceae family, most individuals are self- incompatible and certain pairs of individuals are cross- incompatible.
A similar gametophytic incompatibility system, medi- ated by S-RNases and SFB proteins, is found not only in various other members of the Rosaceae but also in the Solanaceae and Scrophulariaceae (McClure and Franklin- Tong, 2006) and doubtless in some other families of the same clade.
Cloning the SFB of ‘Maiolina a Rappu’ conﬁrmed that the accession has the mutant S5#-SFB, and analysis of the ‘Maiolina a Rappu’ seeds from open pollination demonstrated that it is indeed self-compatible.
Peach (P. persica) is self-compatible and is reported to have mutant pollen S-haplotypes, S1#, S2#, and S2m#, the wild-type versions of which occur in almond or Japanese plum (Tao et al., 2007).
Se-haplotype confers self-compatibility New self-compatibility haplotype in sweet cherry 4355 in Japanese plum (Prunus salicina Lindl).
Self-compatible peach (Prunus persica) has mutant versions of the S haplotypes found in self-incompatible Prunus species.
Cattle and deer were compatible across North American ecosys- −1 .
Due to the several advantages of self- compatibility, crossing strategies using self-compatible cultivars or selections have been performed in the CEBAS-CSIC breeding programme to ensure this character in the progenies.
Inbreeding Depression and Endosperm Development Homozygous self-compatible almond seedlings were experimentally obtained for the first time after self-fertilization of self-compatible selections.
In order to find suitable pollinators of these cultivars, five ‘Marcona’ and four ‘Desmayo Largueta’-type selections (found after a local prospection of plant material in traditional almond orchards by ITAP agricultural institute (Albacete, Spain)) were characterized for flowering time and for self and cross-incompatibility.
The results indicated that the nine ITAP selections were self-incompatible, and that three and one were promising candidates as pollinators of ‘Marcona’ and ‘Desmayo’, respectively.
‘Antoñeta’ and ‘Marta’ self-compatible and late flowering almonds (released in 1995), and self-compatible and extra-late flowering ‘Penta’ (released in 2007) obtained by CEBAS-CSIC Almond Breeding Programme.
austroafricana was introduced into South Africa based on the low diver- sity observed with vegetative compatibility groups (VCG’s) for a population from non-native Eucalyptus spp.
4 SEM photos of P34HB/TPU blends Conclusion This experiment comes to a conclusion that the P34HB/TPU blends are partial compatible.
ENR/Novolac blends were compatible, ENR/Resole, and ENR/phenoxy semicompatible, and ENR/CER incompatible.
Using the criterion of the presence of a single Tg6 (T, of blend) varying regularly with composition, it is inferred that Novolac is compatible with ENR50 and ENR25 (see Figs.
With Novolac resins having structure (A) their compatibility with ENR is attributed to hydrogen bonding between the hydrogen of the phenolic hydroxyl and the oxygen of the oxirane ring.
CER is incompatible with ENR because acidic hydrogens are not available due to the competing action of the curing agent.
No incompatibilities with alprostadil were detected.
For instance, U. kirkiana and J. curcas callus combinations showed an outright graft incompatibility in this study.
Callus combinations between J. curcas and U. kirkiana showed an outright incompatibility.
They were tested by vegetative compatibility group analysis to investigate their genetic relatedness and correlate the results with vegetative compatibility groups previously described from the major peanut-growing area (Co´rdoba province) in our country.
Distribution of A. flavus peanut isolates from Las Lomitas and from Co´rdoba fields among vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs).
Heterokaryon self- incompatibility in Gibberella fujikuroi (Fusarium moniluforme).
Vegetative compatibility within populations of Aspergillus flavus, A. parasiticus, and A .tamarii from a peanut field.
Association of mycotoxin and scle- rotia production with compatibility groups in Aspergillus flavus from peanut in Argentina.
Heterokarion incompatibility in Aspergillus fla- vus.
The screening study indicates that C12-MADS shows high compatibility with thermally activated persulfate by demonstrating high aqueous stability and low oxidant demand when exposed to SPS at both ambient and elevated temperatures.
compatildcl through crosslinking with nylon and togcther with unreuctcd amorphous nylon forin the N-Ep phase and the rest forins an Ep phase.
In the crosslinked nylon-epoxy resin phase, there are considerable amounts of unreacted nylon chains, which are compatible with the nylon-epoxy resin crosslinks.
For another reason, PP and EPDM are the major com- ponents of TPV which are nonpolar substances, while WGRT used in the experiment is composed of styrene butadiene rub- ber, natural rubber and polybutadiene rubber which have cer- tain polarity, so the difference in polarity leads to the weak compatibility between WGRT and TPV.
This chemical interaction led to improved compatibility and adhesion between WGRT and TPV.
SEM photograph was conducted to study the compatibility among the blends in the following.
It can be argued that PP-g-MAH improved the interfacial compatibility and strengthened the interfacial bonding strength between WGRT and TPV molecule chains, so as to heighten the comprehensive mechanical performances of the blends.
SEM photomicrographs also showed that PP-g-MAH could effectively increase the compatibility to enhance the comprehensive prop- erties of blends.
Results are presented for the four liquids which have a varying level of compatibility with PDMS: PW (open circles), PP (open squares), L77 (filled squares), and EG (filled triangles).
A small amount of homopolymer poly(vinyl acetate) (PVAc) is used to compatibilize the biodegradable blends of poly(propylene carbonate) (PPC) and poly(lactic acid) (PLA).
This further demonstrates that PVAc can improve the compatibility between PPC and PLA significantly.
The improved compatibility may origin from the selective localization of PVAc in PPC/PLA blends.
For PPC/PVAc blends, such weak hydrogen bonding is likely to favor the compatibility due to the fact that PPC and PLA have similar C=O groups in main chains.
Conclusions Homopolymer PVAc has been successfully used to improve the compatibilization of partially compati- ble PPC/PLA blends.
The results of this trial suggest that the compatibility of diltiazem hydrochloride with heparin sodium is concentra- tion dependent.
Diltiazem hydrochloride at concentrations of 5 mg/mL is not physically compatible with heparin sodium 100 units/mL.
The compatibility between the PVC and the SAN was studied using differential scanning calorimetry and dynamic mechanical analysis.
This compatibility can be attributed to the interaction between the polar groups of the SAN phase and the polar groups of the PVC together with a migration of species of low molecular weight.
The PLA/PBT blends were engineered to achieve optimal mechanical properties and toughness with the two compati- bilizers.
The presence of ESAC in the compati- bilized PLA/PBT/EBA-GMA blends could compensate slightly for the reduction of the tensile strength and modulus.
12 shows the AFM topography of EBA-GMA compati- bilizer and hybrid of EBA-GMA and ESAC compatibilizer in the PLA/PBT blends.
The tensile strength and tensile modulus of the PLA/PBT blends decrease aer incorporation of the EBA-GMA compati- bilizer.
The most self-compatible group was the Brussels sprout, giving twice as much selfed-seed as sprouting broccoli and cabbage.
LEVELS OF COMPATIBILITY IN BRASSICA OLERACEA 121 In spite of the generally low levels of self-compatibility, table 3 indicates that small numbers of plants with fairly high self-compatibility may be found in most cultivars and botanical varieties.
Further, giant kale grown in the field had TABLE 3 Self-compatibility of botanical varieties of B. oleracea L., with selfed-seed-set expressed as a percentage of mean ovule number per variety No.
They ascribed the higher level of self-compatibility in the horticultural types to a bias which was introduced in favour of self- compatible S alleles by restricting selection to small numbers of plants.
plants with com- plete self-incompatibility.
In cauliflower, however, there are three distinct types based on maturity and also to some extent on self-compatibility, the early summer cauliflowers (being highly self-compatible) forming a separate compatibility group from the autumn and winter types.
The relative levels of compatibility of Brussels sprout, cabbage, curly kale, giant marrow-stem kale, kohl-rabi and sprouting broccoli were assessed by pollination of 19 cultivars.
The utilization of cross-compatibility and self- incompatibility in the production of F5 hybrid cabbage.
Because of its physicochemical and optical properties pro- pofol poses a special risk in identifying stability problems and incompatibilities.
Based on the results obtained, a conclusion was made that ibu(cid:2) proxam is compatible with corn starch, avicel, and sodium carboxymethyl cellulose.
It was shown that potential problems of the compatibility of AFI and PEs can be revealed by IR spectrometry after three days of storage.
On the basis of DSC results, c-DHEA was found to be compatible with xanthan gum, hydroxypropylmethylcellulose, sodium starch glycolate (Explotab®), polyvinylacetate–polyvinylpirrolidone (Kollidon®SR) and sodium chloride.
compatible with fusion bonding [16], anodic bonding [17] and benzocyclobutene (BCB) bonding [18].
Diversity of vegetative compatibility groups of Cryphonectria parasitica in Connecticut and Europe.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Leucocytospora kunzei.
Therefore, these studies revealed that GMS and mirtazapine were compatible with each other.
Thus, these abovementioned ﬁndings reveal that mirtazapine and CUTINA are compatible with each other.
Although the compatibility between AlH3 and BAMO–GAP is also good according to the standards, there are some interactions between AlH3 and BAMO–GAP when they heated together.
The binary system of BAMO–GAP with DNTF was incompatible.
This study indicates that D. andersoni from two geographically isolated populations have a limited amount of reproductive incompatibility in spite of the apparently very large amount of genetic differentia- tion between the populations.
Genetic incompati- bility between Boophilus decoloratus (Koch, 1844) Boophilus microplus (Canestrini, 1888) and hybrid steril- ity of Australian and South African Boophilus microplus (Acarina: Ixodidae).
Wild medﬂy populations are as sexually compatible with GSS as they are with other wild populations.
In ad- dition, it was shown that wild populations are as sexually compatible with GSS as they are with other wild populations.
In this context, a similar material compatibility of R245fa and R1233zd-E is desirable.
 The composition of EPDM in terms of carbon black and plasticizer influences the compatibility with the investigated refrigerants.
The unsaturated characteristic of these HFO may lead to considerable changes in material compatibility compared to the hydrofluorocarbons (HFC).
The commonality among these diverse chemistries is their oily nature and their general incompatibility with most high-salinity brines.
When the lab chemists investigated the many lubricants available in their inventories, they easily found products and formulations that reduced the CoF, but none that were compatible with the highly brackish brine.
The diisocyanate and diamine form hard segments (HS), which tend to phase separate from SS due to thermodynamic incompatibility into hard domains.
To assure compatibility of management strategies, the effects of the particle film on parasitism and emergence of the natu- ral enemy T. cacoeciae was also evaluated in both L. botrana and an alternative host, Ephestia kuehniella (Lepidoptera: Pyralidae).
Motorola is the largest producers of cell phone hands free headsets (the complementary product) and these are compatible with both their cell phone (the stand-alone use product) brand and their competitors' (Sony, Apple, LG, etc.).
In the case of the rival kitchen stand mixers, Cuisinart and KitchenAid, KitchenAid's unique ice-cream maker attachment is compatible only with its own stand mixer and no similar complement is available for the Cuisinart counterpart.
Initially, using the Bluetooth technology, Apple's wireless keyboard (a complement of no stand-alone use) which held the highest market share for a little over a year, is compatible both with their Mac computer platform and PCs and it was available for purchase a la carte, with no discount for Apple computer/IPad buyers.
In time period 1, each rm decides whether to make their complement compatible with their rival's platform or just their own.
Otherwise, both rms have higher prices for both product under compatibility.
Results indicated that DTBGE alone is not compatible with gasoline, there is a need of TTBGE content in the fuel blends for better compatibility.
The origi- nal major center of Nicotiana is South America, but about one-third of the species are indigenous to the second major center, Australia, and all of these are self-compatible (n = 16-24).
This gave rise to a number of self-pollinating species adapted to different ecological niches, but all having a common self- compatibility gene.
In N. glauca and N. alata, where genetically different forms were available, variability in inter- specific incompatibility relationships was confined to the female side, the whole species behaving alike as males.
SUMMARY Interspecific hybridization between 17 species of Nicotiana, including those of both South American and Australian origins, revealed a complex but highly systematic pattern of unilateral incompatibility behavior.
Genetics of incompatibility behaviour in the Mexican Solanum species S. pinnatisectum.
This study investigates the compatibility of the entomopathogenic fungus L. muscarium with chemical insecticides used for treating B. tabaci in the UK.
39 This study investigated the compatibility of L. muscarium with the main chemical insecticides commonly used in the UK to control B. tabaci.
3) In the Cucurbitaceae the graft Cucumis melo L. as scion, and Cucurbita ficifolia Bouch, as stock, is compatible only if a few leaves are left on the stock.
SS showed to be fully compatible with the selected PCMs.
The results showed that Cu is compatible with the PW.
SS was observed to be compatible with all PCMs.
Based on the studies SS and Al were observed to be compatible with acetamide.
Comparing the different chemistries, the anhydride cure underfills, U1 and U5 is shown to have the best compatibility with the fluxes.
Fluorocarbon-based compositions, known to be compatible with oxygen, are used as thread sealants in most industrial oxygen applications.
Amphotericin B and amihcillin sodium were considered vis­ ually incompatible with TPN solutions.
The non-linear dependence of the height and temperature of the peak on the NBR content suggests that the two phases are incompatible and some molecular interactions take place between the SBR and NBR blocks.
This indicates that the compatibility of SBR and NBR in the blends is not perfect at all temperatures.
Such an investigation showed that SBR±NBR blends are highly compatible only in a certain temperature range.
The polar nature of ethanol induces a dipole in the aromatic molecule permitting them to interact reasonably strongly, while the aromatics stay compatible with other hydrocarbons in diesel fuel.
Thus diesel fuel, which is a non-polar molecule, cannot be compatible with 95% pure ethanol.
The results obtained indicate that nebicapone may be compatible with lactose monohydrate and sodium croscarmellose but is incompatible with magnesium stearate.
Marini A, Berbenni V, Pegoretti M, Bruni G, Cofrancesco P, Sinistri C, Villa M. Drug-excipient compatibility studies by physico-chemical techniques; the case of atenolol.
Species compatibility with TF-FVIIa substrates, FX, FIX, and PARs 4.
Incompatible plasmids are unable to stably coexist in the same bacterial cell.
 BTF08 is compatible with host-plant with growth promoting effects towards calli.
Endophytes and GB were also isolated from host tis- sues, suggesting compatibility and ability to colonize host tissues (root, stem, leaf).
Endophytic A. calidoustous (BTF07) and pathogen (GB) were found only in the root tissues, suggesting they are compatible with the host but have speciﬁc colonization preference.
The compatibility of a M. aze- darach extract with Eriopis connexa was evaluated and ac- cording to the results, M. azedarach fruit extracts can be compatible with E. connexa for pest control (Haramboure et al.
Therefore, it is sug- gested that certain regions of homology exist between the CAM and OCT plasmids that enable them to recombine to form a single plasmid, and to overcome the incompati- bility barrier that prevents their coexisting.
The naphthalene (NAH) plasmid, how- ever, was found to be compatible with the OCT. As a very TABLE 2.
DISCUSSION OCT and CAM plasmids are incompatible in P. putida (3).
The fusion of the CAM and OCT plasmids is somewhat different because two incompatible plasmids fuse here, while the common reaction between these plasmids is to segregate when they are forced to exist in the same cell; very rarely do they recombine.
Because Claire and Phil are both disinhibited, they are compatible.
However, it is not incentive compatible.
The twin mode ð1011Þ is compatible with both hai and hc + ai directions.
The alcohols showed probable compatibility with fluorocarbon and polyurethane, but are not likely to be compatible at low blend levels with NBR and SBR.
Neoprene showed compatibility only with mid-range blends of the alkane.
The alkene and aromatics exhibited similar compatibility.
They showed good compatibility with fluorocarbon, neoprene and polyurethane, but not with silicone, NBR, and SBR.
Low blend levels are likely to be compatible with neoprene, but considerable uncertainty is noted for NBR and SBR.
They were most incompatible with silicone, NBR, and SBR.
However, ketones are likely compatible with NBR and SBR at high blend levels.
Fluorocarbons are classified as high performance elastomers and have demonstrated excellent compatibility with many fuel types.
For silicone, 2,2,4-trimethylpentane, iso-octene, and sabinene exhibit compatibility results similar to the baseline fuels, while the two aromatics show improved compatibility performance compared to the baseline fuels.
Neoprene is expected to have improved compatibility performance with 2,2,4-trimethylpentane.
Interestingly, the alkane molecule, 2,2,4-trimethylpentane (also known as iso-octane) showed the best potential compatibility of the fuel types with the elastomers, with the sole exception being silicone rubber where it showed slightly higher solubility potential than the baseline fuels.
For instance, silicone showed dramatically improved compatibility (reduced solubility) with the ether candidates compared to the baseline fuels, while the results for neoprene indicate that high solubility (i.e.
The elastomers most susceptible to incompatibility with the neat ketone fuel candidates are fluorocarbon and polyurethane.
They also appear to be compatible with the alkane fuel candidate, but not for the alkene and two aromatic fuels.
The ether fuel candidates rate at likely incompatible with both NBR and SBR for all blend contents.
The results for neoprene were more varied; it appears to be likely compatible with the alkane, alkenes and aromatic fuels at most blend levels, though some uncertainty exists for the alkene fuel.
At low blend levels it appears to be compatible with all of the fuel candidates.
Ceftriaxone may therefore be incompatible in vivo with solutions containing calcium ions.
DSC results suggest that copolymers with compositions 167.1 mol O h of 4-chlorosytrene are compatible with PPO as judged by the detection of a single glass-transition intermediate in temperature between the T,’s of the unblended copolymer and PPO.
Blends of polystyrene (PS) and poly(2,6-dimethyl-l,4- phenylene oxide) (PPO) meet all criteria for compatibility.
Recent studies7-10 have shown that while poly(4-chlo- rostyrene) (PpClS) and PPO are not compatible, random copolymers of styrene (S) and 4-chlorostyrene (pC1S) may be compatible depending only on the copolymer composition.
The width of the single glass transition of the compatible P P O P S blend is broad in comparison to that of either PS or PPO alone under identical DSC conditions.
Densities become additive as the blend components are incompatible as for example in the PpClS and PoCl!3/PPO blends.
These results suggest that copolymer F and PPO may be compatible to a very small extent.
Also, ethylene/glycidyl methacrylate copolymer (E/GMA) is suggested to be effective in compatibilizing HDPE/PET blends via in-situ formation of compatibilizer.
With the addition of compati- bilizers, the tensile strength of both PET/HDPE/POE- 10 Y. PAN ET AL.
Tensile properties of PET/HDPE blends with and without compatibilizers.
Conclusion Herein, both POE-g-GMA and SBS-g-GMA have been used as reactive compatibilizers for the PET/HDPE blends.
chitosan groups polymers are compatible due to the interaction between the NH3 and CO- groups of the modiﬁed poly(epichlorohydrin), as well the hydrogen bond between the chlorine atom of the modiﬁed poly(epichlorohydrin) and the hydrogens of the chitosan methyl group.
The results showed that chitosan and PECH-Squ formed compatible polymer blends.
This species exhibits gametophytic self-incompatibility (GSI), which is controlled by a single S-locus with multiple S-haplotypes.
To achieve stable fruit production and to reduce or eliminate the need for artificial pollination, research on the GSI of Japanese pear has been conducted by pollination experiments and by characterization of self- compatible (SC) mutants.
This result indicates that there are many cross-incompatible com- binations among Japanese pear cultivars.
Because the pollen of a pollen-part SC mutant would be cross-compatible with cultivars of any S-genotype, 415-1 can serve as addi- tional useful breeding material to produce new SC culti- vars with high fruit quality.
Identification and partial amino acid sequences of seven S-RNases associated with self-incompatibility of Japanese pear, Pyrus pyrifolia Nakai.
Paterclinal incompatibility in the Japanese pear.
S-RNase-based self- incompatibility in Petunia inflata.
Molecular cloning and nucleotide sequences of cDNAs encoding S-allele specific stylar RNases in a self-incompatible cultivar and its self- compatible mutant of Japanese pear, Pyrus pyrifolia Nakai.
A new self-incompatible allele in Japanese pear ‘Shinsei’ and ‘Shinkou’.
S-RNase disrupts tip- localized reactive oxygen species and induces nuclear DNA degradation in incompatible pollen tubes of Pyrus pyrifolia.
S-RNase triggers mitochondrial al- teration and DNA degradation in the incompatible pollen tube of Pyrus pyrifolia in vitro.
Bruckner3 1 Universidade Federal de Viçosa, Viçosa-MG, Brazil 2 Centro de Ciências Agrárias, Universidade Federal da Paraíba, Areia-PB, Brazil 3 Departamento de Fitotecnia, Universidade Federal de Viçosa, Viçosa-MG, Brazil Keywords: breeding, Capsicum annuum, crossability, intraspecific hybridization, unilateral incompatibility Abstract The production of Capsicum for ornamental purposes in Brazil has increased in recent years.
Low compatibility was observed for the combinations 45×448 (20%), 449×46 (29%), 132×448 (30%), 45×134 (36%) and combination 449×448 (36%) (Table 2).
PEO/ PMMA mixtures and PMA/PVAc mixtures are compatible in their entire composition.
These four polymers do form sta- ble films at the air/water interface,' while, PMMA and PVAc blends are incompatible in the bulk state.'
TVS compatible based on a Zener diode (a) and the newly proposed TVS structure.
b-Lactam antibiotics are also known to be chemically and physically incompatible with many other drugs.
In PEPA–PUI copolymers the ester carbonyls form the hydrogen bond with NH groups in the hard seg- ments and increase the compatibility between the poly- ester (soft) and hard segments, which results in the shift of the average position of the imide-I carbonyl’s band to a lower wave numbers in FTIR spectra.
niveum from this region by cross patho- genicity to muskmelon, race, and vegetative compatibility.
No stem colonization was observed where the incompatible interactions between musk- melon and F. oxysporum f. sp.
niveum from various vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs) within each of three races from the Mid-Atlantic region F. oxysporum f. sp.
A mutation to alter vegetative compatibility also has been suggested to explain the origin of two different VCGs with identical virulence (race) in F. oxysporum f. sp.
Genetic variation among vegetative compatibility groups of Fusarium oxysporum f. sp.
asparagi into vegetatively compatible groups.
It was realized that the blends are not completely compatible.
The results of the IR spectroscopy confirmed the compatibility of eugenol with Tween 80, Carbopol 940, chitosan, sodium alginate, and polycaprolactone.
Overall, the study revealed that eugenol does not have any incompatibility with sodium alginate.
The results of the IR spectroscopy confirmed the compatibility of eugenol with Tween 80, Carbopol 940, chitosan, sodium alginate, and polycaprolactone.
Thus, it was confirmed that eugenol is compatible with the selected excipients for the development of nanoemulsion gel and nanoparticles.
The hybrid nematodes were propagated times with nematodes in both race combinations, from callus in high the RY controls; RY X LU appeared more compatible in M.d.
◦ ◦ The MGST has been shown to be incompatible with an impor- tant number of drugs, such as glibenclamide or aspirin [22,23].
Dexamethasone, vitamin C, vitamin B6, lobeline, furosemide, calcium chloride, inosine, pituitrin and phentolamine were incompatibility with SHLI, because of the turbidity or precipitation.
When a genus contains SC as well as SI species and in natural genetic populations contains self-compatible and self-incompatible individuals, it is believed that the SC forms derive from the SI ones (Tsukamoto et al.
Seed was obtained from a tomatillo self-compatible plant which was discovered in the greenhouse facility of the Plant Agriculture Department of the University of Guelph Can- ada.
Regarding environmental conditions, an experiment was conducted to ob- serve if temperature could overcome self-incompatibility, five temperatures (15, 20, 25, 30 and 35ºC) were tested on plants of the Milpero landrace which is an entirely self-incompatible landrace.
Genetics of self-compatibility in a self-incompatible wild diploid potato species Solanum chacoense.
Self- and cross-incompatibilty in the common cabbage.
Self-incompatibility system in two Mexican species of Solanum.
Breakdown of self-incompatibility in a natural population of Petunia axilaris (Solanaceae) in Uruguay containing both self-incompatible and self- compatible plants.
BESS uses a PCM to convert the battery DC energy into AC grid-compatible energy.
It is reported that yellowhorn exhibit late- acting self-incompatibility (LSI) for protecting the species from inbreeding harmful effects reported (Zhou and Zheng 2015).
It was obvious that the compatibility between Be12Ti Fig.
Interaction of OMMT with nylon, Nylon- g-PP and MAPP through hydrogen bonding is thought to be the most important factor for intercala- tion of those macromolecules into OMMT galleries, which is decisive for the location and compatibiliza- tion effect of OMMT.
In this case, A and B are incompatible.
Therefore, A and B are compatible.
notes sodium citrate Physical compatibility of 4% sodium citrate with selected antimicrobial agents Bryan Dotson, scarlett lynn, Katherine savaKis, anD Mariann D. churchwell Antimicrobial lock solutions are instilled into i.v.
In our study, we found sodium citrate to be physi- cally compatible with various antimi- crobial agents.
It indicated that cefo- taxime and tinidazole were stable in these compatible solutions for 8 h at room temperature.
As expected, due to the similarity between propylene and polypropylene (PP), PP has the smallest value of ΔS-P among the four polymers, which suggests its best compatibility.
The compatibility of PS is better than that of both ME and PVDF.
Furthermore, the compatibility of PS with the C3 mixture is better than that of ME.
INTRODUCTION Thermal analysis was used to study the incompatible blends of polysty- rene and polybutadiene.
It is well known that incompatibility exists for blends of polystyrene (PSI and polybutadiene (PBD).'
This result suggests that low molecular weight polystyrene is more compatible with polybutadiene than is high molecular weight pol- ystyrene, and compatibility increases in the intermediate regions of PS blend compositions.
Excipient compatibility studies showed reduced assay with citric acid monohydrate, meglumine and sodium starch glycolate.
It was concluded that the compati- bility of plasticized PVC and TPU are dependent on the ratio of hard to soft segments in TPU.
The differences may come from the different compatibility of p-PVC with TPU70 or TPU90.
The results imply that the TPU70 exhibits better compatibility with p-PVC than the TPU90 at lower TPU contents.
Most of polymer blends known so far are found to be incompatible.
The polymers that are compatible with PVC include butadiene–acrylonitrile copoly- mers, segmented polyether ester copolymers, poly(«-caprolactone), and others.
It was observed that the p-PVC/TPU70 blends shows much better compatibility than the p-PVC/TPU90 blends, based on the morphology and dynamic mechanical behav- ior.
It was concluded that the compatibility of plas- ticized PVC and TPU are dependent on the ratio of the hard to soft segment in TPU.
Pollen-pistil interaction and interspecifi c-incompatibility among Panicum antidotale, P. col- oratum, and P. deustum.
Phospholipids (soyalecithin S80) represent the only class of excipients offering unique ben- efits for a surface-active ingredient as they are nontoxic, parenterally well tolerated and exhibit a high biocompatibility.
Cross streaking and RAPD analysis showed that MSSRFD41 is compatible with different groups of rhizobacteria and survived in the rhizosphere.
A special group of rice germplasm, referred to as wide-compatibility varieties, is able to produce highly fertile hybrids when crossed to both indica and japonica.
In contrast, a special group of rice germplasm, referred to as wide- compatibility varieties (WCVs), is able to produce highly fertile hybrids when crossed to both indica and japonica varieties (11).
To test the compatibility of S. scimitus and G. gillespiei with the mycoinsecticides, the same experimental set-up was used for the initial 48 h inoculation period but ﬁve adult mites and 40 late 2nd instar WFT were placed into each dish.
(2006) reported that diﬂubenzuron was compatible with D. coriaria.
Furthermore, exposure of mixtures, and even the drugs, to heat and moisture resulted in deteriorated compatibility as seen by both DSC and HPLC, but especially HPLC.
, 1} interpolate between these two incompatible solutions.
This study investigates criteria for the compatibility of poly(vinylchloride)(PVC) and post-chlorinated PVC (CPVC), with the aim of combining the easier process- ability of the former with the greater heat resistance of the latter.
They also found that PVC and CPVC of 67.5 percent C1 content were incompatible (exhibited two sets of Tgs) for all three blending meth- ods.
HDT varied quasilinearly with composition in all cases, indi- cating at least marginal compatibility of PVC A with CPVCs B-F.
A pair of compatible mutants was generated for most of the isolates from bitter gourd and bottle gourd.
asparagi into vegetatively compatible groups.
Vegetative compatibility among Fusarium graminearum (Gib- berella zeae) isolates from barley spikes in southern Manitoba.
However, it is found that the surface of blend with O-POSS show a better homogeneous surface without obvious separated phase, suggesting that the O-POSS is acted as a better compatilizer.
Maximum compatibility for a variety of combinations of the input experiments, found using the 2D 2 grids.
The study found that four of the materials, polyamide 6 (PA 6), polyamide 66 (PA 66), polyethylene terephthalate (PET), and polyetherimide 1010 moldable (PEI), were compatible with the three fuels.
Bretylium tosylate is compatible with each of the H common intravenous solutions chosen for investigation under the storage conditions studied.
Two of the three species in the jarlite group have excellent compatibility, and the other has good compatibility.
To investigate the production of XynA by compatible plasmids in C. glutamicum, the plasmids pXMJ19-xynA and pEC-XK99E-xynA were cotransformed into ΔcspB2ΔclpSInX to obtain strain ΔcspB2ΔclpSInX+P19-X+pEC-X.
Due to its manufacturing process, there are various impurities in magnesium stearate such as magnesium oxide (MgO) and palmitic acid, often causing incompatibilities with active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) and excipients.
On the other hand, it is possible for two highly homoplastic characters to be compatible.
have raised that the intrinsic compatibility rule of “Ginseng Sini Tang” is aconite in the compatibility of dried ginger and licorice, which increase efficiency and attenuate toxicity.
This fact indicates that the chitosan and pectin molecules in the common solvent 2% СН3СООН + 2% NaCl occur in the compatible state.
The implication is that the compatibility of HDPE is more affected by the baseline fuel and that 10% ethanol had no additional effect.
In fact, HDPE appears to be more compatible with ethanol than with gasoline.
We studied the reproductive biology of these four species and breeding compatibility for reciprocal crosses of P. grandiﬂora C. balonensis (2n = 18) and P. umbraticola C. sp.
nov. are partially self-compatible whereas P. umbraticola and C. balonensis are highly self-incompatible.
P. umbraticola is self- compatible and partly autogamous (Aizen and Feinsinger 1994).
These results conﬁrmed that prefertilisation breeding incompatibility exists for reciprocal crosses of P. grandiﬂora C. balonensis and P. umbraticola C. sp.
nov. were compatible.
nov. were partially self-compatible, whereas C. balonensis and P. umbraticola were self-incompatible.
The reason for self-incompatibility of P. umbraticola, and two Calandrinia species (except for self-compatible genotype of C. sp.
However, further studies are required to determine the self-incompatibility system for these two species.
This compatibility is promoted by speciﬁc interactions like hydrogen bonds and dipole–ion interactions between hydroxyl groups of PVA, on the one hand, and, the sulfonate and pheny groups of PSSNa, on the other hand.
Except for Ta, the Ru-based alloys exhibit better thermal compatibility with Ir than Re.
The 4.5V% methanol + 4.5V% GTBA fuel, in particular, was found to be compatible with today's automotive fuel system components.
In this way, quantum mechanics is at least as incompatible as any PT.
SEM micro- graphs showed poor compatibility at the molecular level for all mixtures and for compositions 50/50 w/w.
Compared with the PVOH mixture where the nodules are even larger (the scale of observation is double), it becomes evident that the compatibility with PA6 is improved in the case of the h88-PVAC mixture.
work, this type of mixture, at compositions rich in PA6, was shown to have better mechanical properties with respect to the PVOH mixtures, indicating improved compatibility.
The mixture of h75-PVAC for the composition 1/3-rich in PA6, and all the PVAC mixtures were found compatible with order parameters close to zero.
The more blocklike are the PVA molecules, the less compatible are the polymers in the PVA-hydroxypropyl methylcellulose (HPMC)- water system.
in the Compatible con&tions and 40 msec, in the Incompati- ble conditions.
In conclusion, we have shown that the PEO-PMMA system is compatible.
DIB is miscible with EPIP while immiscible with PTA, yet it can react with PTA by capturing the free radicals released by the dynamic disulﬁde bonds of PTA at high temperature, thereby improving the compatibility between EPIP and PTA during network rearrangement.
The reaction between DIB and PTA not only suppresses the formation of a permanent network, but also improves the compatibility between EPIP and PTA.
The free radical scavenger DIB serves as a reactive molecule to capture the sulfur free radicals released by PTA and improves the compatibility between PTA and EPIP.
Finally, the situation will be made more complex by environ- mental factors known to inﬂuence the compatibility between B. glabrata and S. mansoni.
Indeed, two of these environmental factors, the water tempera- ture or successive exposures of B. glabrata to schistosomes can change the phenotype of both partners, thereby altering their compatibility.
Thus, the ROS and ROS-scavenger-based mecha- nism appears to be an important pathway involved in the compatibility between B. glabrata and S. mansoni.
Together, these results suggest that proteases and protease inhibitors of B. glabrata and S. mansoni may engage in an enzymatic battle that deﬁnes the compatibility of the interaction.
Snails and parasites from Guadeloupe Island were then used to establish laboratory strains, and compatibility was tested after one laboratory passage.
The mechanism of LiODFB as the more compatible Li+ salt for Li metal anode.
The use of MVI appears to render these combi­ nations incompatible to a greater extent than Solu B Forte.
It was concluded that the binary systems of PDFAMO with cyclotrimethylenetrinitramine 2,4,6-trinitrotoluene (TNT), 2,4-dinitroanisole (DNAN), pentaerythritol tetranitrate (PETN), ammonium perchlorate (AP), aluminum powder (Al), aluminum oxide (Al2O3) and 1,3-diethyl-1,3-diphenyl urea (C1) were compatible, whereas the systems of PDFAMO with lead carbonate (PbCO3) and 2-nitrodiphenyl- amine (NDPA) were slightly sensitized.
), diphenylamine (DPA), and p-nitro-N-methylamine (PNMA) were incompatible.
Heterokaryon in compatibility in the plant-pathogenic fungus, Cochliobolus heterostrophus.
He is also active in the high-power electromagnetic compatibility field.
However, PET and PA6 are incompatible each other [7-9].
There have been many ways to enhance compatibility of the blends consisting of polyesters and polyamides.
It indicates that the compatibility of PET and PA6 will be better after adding PET-PA6-5%.
The sequence length of PET in PET-A6-5% is greater than PET-PA6-5% and PET-PA6-10%, and PET content in PET/PA6 blend fibers is more than PA6 content, therefore, PET-A6-5% with larger PET sequence length has greater influence on PET molecular chain in blend fiber, PET and PA6 have the best compatibility in PET/PA6/PET-A6-5%.
The results show that the addition of PET-PA6 has a great compatibilizing effect to the PET/PA6 blend fibers.
PET/PA6/PET-A6-5% has the best compatibility of PET and PA6 among the PET/PA6 blend fibers.
Signal compatible with the VGA standard has an amplitude ranging from 0 V to 0.7 V and the maximum number of signal levels, when using all 8 bits to encode the brightness of each component of the pixel’s colour, equals 256.
It has 28 characters that are incompatible with some other characters.
Rabbitt & Vyas failed to control compatibility.
Donder’s B- and C-reactions and S±R compatibility.
Bioactive nanomaterials step-annealed at 550 ºC and 600 ºC enhances the biocompatibility due to the liberation of nitrate content.
The variation of the defaults shows that there is a suitable compatibility between Ag and Cu in the I–III–VI2 ternaries and the incorporation of the copper in the AgInS2 compound to give some quaternaries compounds useful for possible future optoelectronic devices.
The reaction between epoxy groups of the mPOE and the carboxyl end-groups of PLA may be the driving force for the enhanced compatibility between the PLA and mPOE.
The reaction between the epoxy groups of the mPOE and the carboxyl end-groups of the PLA enhances the compatibility between the PLA and mPOE; the reaction product leads to an in- crease in viscosity of the blends and a decrease in the structural symmetry of the PLA.
Strain IRRI and IRR3 from trap host WS exhibited a low compatibility (low effectiveness, category I) with Thai soybean cultivars while these two strains showed a high effectiveness with soybeans of US origin (BR and IP).
The chemical compatibility of Sr2MgMoO6− δ with most of the typical electrolytes commonly used in SOFCs i.e.
The chemical compatibility of SMM was evaluated with three different standard electrolytes: LSGM, CGO and YSZ.
Within this small genus, there are species that maintain self-incompatibility (SI) and species that display full self-compatibility (SC), with two species harboring a mixture of these two possibilities (SI/SC; Table 1).
Variation in the self-incompatibility response within and among populations the tropical shrub Witheringia solanacea (Solanaceae).
However, PP and PC are very immiscible and are incompatible with each other, resulting in poor mechanical properties for PP/PC blends.
It can be concluded that PP-g-MA is a poor compatibilizer for PP and PC blends.
It was concluded that PP-c-GMA is an efficient alternative for improving the compatibility between PP and PC phases.
However, the dispersion of the PC particles in the PP matrix does not appear to be thoroughly homogeneous, and the compatibility of the PP/PC is only partially improved with the addition of PP- c-GMA.
Until now, the variation of the compatibility between PP and PC can be viewed as a major reason for adjusting the foamability of the PP/PC system.
REXEL-DISP allows one to obtain sets of either unscaled or scaled accelerograms compatible with the target spectrum.
This experiment demonstrated a physical incompatibility between haloperidol and diphenhydramine at room temperature.
The experimental data additionally have revealed that sorbitol is incompatible with indapamide.
The method has backward compatibility with stan- dard JPEG 2000 codestreams.
Recently, FSV has a compatibility II.
Calcium and phosphorus compatibility in parenteral nutrition solutions for neo- nates.
Experimental animals (Saimiri Two adult squirrel monkeys sciureus) were implanted with a synthetic MRI-compatible platform designed to carry telemetric hardware.
Mycelial compatibility groups in Sclerotinia sclerotiorum from agricultural fields in Argentina.
For utilizing the strong heterosis of inter-subspeciﬁc hybrids, it is necessary to increase the width of compatibility of WCVs to overcome the various barriers of sterility and male gamete abortion in such hybrids.
Thus, Product 1 is classed as being compatible with SS316L at 20 oC.
Thus, Product 1 is classed as being compatible with SS316L at 20 oC.
The presence of competing specifi- cations in technologies reduces the level of compatibility, however.
Converters link the users of otherwise incompatible technolo- gies.
Meanwhile, in order to improve the compatibility of the two polymers, a bifunctional monomer N-ethylamine hydroxy propionamide (EHPA), was synthesized in labora- tory.
is compatible with standard CMOS I.
A SPICE compatible model has been developed to simulate the CE produced by the DC-DC converter.
1 Mean annual dry bean yields, based on 47 self- incompatible and 31 self-compatible clones of Theobroma cacao.Standard errors are shown on the self-incompatible data.
Etomidate 2 mg/mL was compatible with each of the dmgs tested, e.xcept vecuronium bro­ mide and ascorbic acid, for up to seven days at 25 "C. Thiopental sodium 25 mg/mL was compatible with fentanyl citrate, with mivacurium chloride, and with doxacurium chloride for up to seven days at 25 °C and incompatible with the other 14 dmgs.
All results show that CPI and TPI are thermodynamically compatible in a wide range of compositions when they are in the molten or solid state.
Moreover, rheology measurements are also used here to test the compatibility of CPI/TPI blends over a wide compositions and temperatures for the first time.
This means that although TPI crystallization causes concentration fluctuation of both components, CPI and TPI exhibit thermodynamic compatibility in a wide range of composition even at low temperatures.
This means that CPI/TPI blends are compatible and suit the temperature equivalent principle.
CPI and TPI are thermodynamically compatible in a wide range of composition regardless of their physical state.
Plasmids determining I pili constitute a compatibility complex.
In citrus, SI is ancestral, and Citrus maxima (pummelo) is self-incompatible, while Citrus reticulata (mandarin) and its hybrids are self- compatible (SC).
Self-incompatibility (SI) is a major genetically controlled mech- anism used by flowering plants to prevent inbreeding and to facilitate outcrossing.
As these Chinese pummelos have fully functional pollen and pistils and they set seed when cross-pollinated, this provides good evi- dence to indicate that they are self-incompatible.
Thus, an incompatible combination was achieved by combining the S1- and S2-RNases and testing against pollen from a plant of the genotype S1S2.
Determination of self-incompatible Citrus cultivars with S1 and/or S2 alleles by pollination with homozygous S1 seedlings (S1S1 or S2S2) of ‘Banpeiyu’ pummelo.
These results suggest that the self- compatibility of the S-54 homozygotes is due to amino-acid changes caused by gene conversion from SLG to SRK.
Another self-incompatible species, Arabidopsis lyrata, in Brass- icaceae also lacks the SLG gene [15].
The resulting F1 hybrid plants were self-incompatible.
The excellent biocompatibility of Zr has meant that its MOFs are amongst the most studied to date, in particular the archetypal Zr terephthalate UiO-66.
It has been developed to deal with a complex range of spectrum engineering and radio compatibility problems.
Since 1992 he has been working as a Design Engi- neer at Grundfos A/S, Bjerringbro, Denmark, mostly with the design of power electronics and with elec- tromagnetic compatibility problems related to power electronics.
In 1992, he joined the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne, where he was active in the ﬁelds of electromagnetic compatibility and light- ning in close cooperation with the former Swiss PTT.
SPUs are composed of multiblock copolymers –(X–Y )n–; X and Y represent the soft-segment and hard-segment, which are thermodynamically incompatible.
Vegetative compatibility and genetic diversity in the Aspergillus ﬂavus population of a single ﬁeld.
Genetic isolation among sympatric vegetative compatibility groups of the aﬂatoxin-producing fungus Aspergillus ﬂavus.
Vegetative compatibility groups and parasexual segregation in Colletotrichum acutatum isolates infecting different hosts.
Low self-compatibility was demonstrated in the cultivar 'Sundrop' over four seasons, by emasculation and self-pollination and by excluding bees from the flowers with a wire cage.
Diversity of vegetative compatibility groups of Cryphonectria parasitica in Connecticut and Europe.
Cryphonectria parasitica vegetative compatibility (v/c) groups in the northeast Spain.
Genotyping apricot cultivars for self-(in)compatibility by means of RNases associated with S alleles.
Se-haplotype confers self-compatibility in Japanese plum (Prunus salicina Lindl.).
In vitro investigations on pollen quality, production and self-incompatibility of some apricot varieties in Malatya – Turkey.
The use of the S haplotype-speciﬁc F-box protein gene, SFB, as a molecular marker for S-haplotypes and self-compatibility in Japanese apricot (Prunus mume).
Meropenem 1 mg/mL was visually compatible in admixtures of 0.9% sodium chloride injection with all drugs tested except the multivitamin solution.
Meropenem 20 mg/mL was visually compatible in admixtures of 0.9% sodium chloride injection with all drugs tested except acyclovir sodium, ondansetron hy­ drochloride, doxycycline hyclate, multivitamins, and zidovudine.
In pohwinyl chloride bags of 0.9"'b sodium chloride injection, meropenem 1 mg/mL was compati­ ble for four hours with all drugs tested except a multi­ vitamin solution, and meropenem 20 mg/mL was compatible for four hours with all drugs tested e.xcept acyclovir sodium, doxycx'cline hyclate, the multivita­ min solution, ondansetron hydrochloride, and zi­ dovudine.
The changes in Tg1 and Tg2 sufﬁ- ciently account for the compatibility between PA1010 and TPU.
CONCLUSIONS In the PA1010/TPU blend system, the best impact modiﬁcation of the blends was achieved with 20% TPU, and this can be attributed to the suitable particle size of TPU and better compati- bility at this concentration.
Compared with that of pure PA1010, the two Tgs of the blend system shift to the lower temperature, and the thickness of the amorphous phase of the blend system increases; this conﬁrms the existence of compatibility between PA1010 and TPU.
This compatibility may originate from the presence of weak hydro- gen bonds between PA1010 and TPU.
Therefore, the present study investigated the compatibility of ciprofloxacin with five different commercial PDFs namely Extraneal, Nutrineal, Physioneal 1.36%, Physioneal 2.27% and Physioneal 3.86%, at various storage conditions.
The present study investigated the compatibility of ciprofloxacin with five different commercial PDFs at refrigeration-temperature (6 °C), room-temperature (25 °C) and body-temperature (37 °C).
The experimental studies revealed that all five plas- ticizers are compatible with the energetic binder polyNIM- MO.
The epoxide group in the structure of this siloxane-type epoxy (silicone based) can be compatible with the DGEBA epoxy (carbon based) as indi- cated by the clear solution of the blends at various ratios.
However, the mechanisms of self-incompatibility are still unclear and the choice of pollinizers for the main olive cultivars becomes difﬁcult especially after the constant introduction of foreign cultivars in new environmental conditions.
Pollen tube growth studies have been employed to study compatibility relationships in many temperate zone and Mediterranean fruit crops such as pear (Shaheen et al., 2011), apri- cot (Burgos et al., 1993; Egea and Burgos, 1996), plum (Nikoli´c and Milatovi´c, 2010), mandarin (Gómez Alvarado et al., 2004), almond (Ben-Njima and Socias i Company, 1995; Ortega et al., 2002; Dicenta et al., 2002), cherry (Cerovi´c and Ruˇzi´c, 1992; Hedhly et al., 2005), Citrus species (Distefano et al., 2012) and olive (Bradley G. Vuletin Selak et al.
Pollen-pistil interaction appeared as a reliable mode to estimate compatibility in olive cultivars and therefore has impor- tance for worldwide olive growing which is experiencing changes in cultivars and growing regions.
In our study, the quoted ISI values classiﬁed both Croatian cultivars (‘Lastovka’ and ‘Oblica’) as partially self-incompatible since a positive response to cross-pollination was evident in both years.
Based on fruit set measure- ments, ‘Leccino’ was reported as self-incompatible by Tombesi et al.
In addition, we have been able to compare mistletoe infection in the compatible interaction, S. Iaevigata x P. macrophyllum (host source S. Iaevigata), and in the incompatible in- teraction, Eucalyptus grandis W. Hill ex.
The unique composition of GBCO co- doped with Fe and Cu ions in the Co sites exhibited reduced TEC and enhancement of electrochemical performance and good chemical compatibility with CGO, and this composition is proving to be a potential cathode for IT-SOFCs.
Emerging optogenetic technology has forced the spectrally compatible GECI color vari- ants.
Bioluminescence-based Ca2+ imag- ing is an alternate and ideal strategy that is highly compatible with optoge- netics.
This result is consistent with the DSC solid-state analyses on these two systems where it was found that the HPC/LHMS blends are more compatible than the HPC/HHMS blends.
Previous solid-state DSC results indi- cate that this system is partially compatible from pure LPC to 40% HHMS because the T, of LPC is reduced.
These solution results suggest that the HPC/HHMS blend system becomes more incompatible as the HHMS concentration in the mixture increases.
These results indicate that the P(N)BCF cathodes have a good chemical compatibility with the SDC electrolyte at 1150 °C for 5 h. 3.2.
In addition, as shown by the chemical compatibility data in Section 3.1, the P(N)BCF cathodes have a good chemical compatibility with the SDC electrolyte.
A vegetative compatibility group (VCG) approach was developed to assess the genetic diversity in F. oxysporum.
cepae from onion in Turkey based on vegetative compatibility and rDNA RFLP analysis.
Fusarium verticillioides from sugarcane, vegetative compatibility groups and pathogenicity.
Characterization of Iranian isolates of Fusarium oxysporum on the basis of RAPD analysis, virulence and vegetative compatibility.
Without compatibility or multihoming, the dominant platform will set prices of bA to group A and bB to group B.
It seems that the compatibility of these plasticiz- ers with PVC is inversely proportional to the chain length of the diacid.
A laboratory study was designed to examine the compatibility of two foliage-dwelling predatory mites with two commercially available mycoinsecticides, followed by a greenhouse study to assess their combined efficacy against Western flower thrips, with a view to their concurrent use in an integrated strategy.
These results indicate that Met52 EC is functionally compatible with the predators, particularly when applied using the slow-release breeding sachets.
The results allowed a verification of the long-term compatibility of the per- fluoropolyether special fractions against UF6 at tempera- tures up to 130°C.
The absence of sexual incompatibil- ity between the mass-reared sterile strain and its wild counterparts suggests that the former are still as competitive in mating with wild females as the latter.
Mating compatibility among populations of codling moth Cydia pomonella Linnaeus (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae) from different geographic origins.
to be attractive for As the electrolyte, a new type of system based on imidazole salts were selected in order to study their compatibility with MPCVD anodes.
We have studied two self-compatible cultivars of apricot (Prunus armeniaca), Currot (SCSC) and Canino (S2SC), sharing the naturally occurring self-compatible (SC)-haplotype.
After self-pollination in the ﬁeld, the four S-genotype classes obtained in the Goldrich (S1S2) 3 Canino (S2SC) cross were shown to be self- compatible, setting at least 5% fruit in most seedlings and 2% fruit in nearly all seedlings (Table III).
In terms of voltage, a configuration with 10 to 11 Li-Ion cells is compatible with the PSR.
Mistletoe–host compatibility was tested by planting mistletoe seeds on different hosts and recording germination and establishment up to 1 year after planting.
Therefore, we can deem that the two phases of the blend of Nylon6/ LDPE are incompatible.
These results are the same as those of DMA and are also incompatible.
Thereby, the Nylon6 and LDPE in this binary blend are incompatible.
It can be con- cluded that PS/PMMA blends are incompatible, whereas PS/SAN blends are compatible.
For the PS/ PMMA blends, nonlinear trends can be observed, suggesting their incompatibility.
In contrast, spider silk offers high bio- and cytocompatibility without further modiﬁcation.
SNOMED full and HL7 Pedigree full were compatible with 50% and 66% of state- ments, respectively.
This limita- tion resulted in the largest source of incompatibility caused by the MU standard.
One of the reasons restraining its wider spread is a low compatibility of many pear cultivars with the existing collection of rootstocks.
Alloys showed promising compatibility with Pbe17Li with K.A.
Many studies found that these bacteria have great compatibility with fungicides such as carbendazim and mancoze.
Bio-compatibility between pesticides and P.f.
Dyads contain- ing athletes who rated the relationship between 7 and 9 were classified as compatible (n = 33).
All other microbes viz., Azospirillum, Azotobacter, Phosphobacteria, P. fluorescens and B. subtilis were compatible with each other.
We have chosen A. brasilense (biofertilizer) and P. fluorescens for the testing of their compatibility in the formulation.
The phenology and ecology of the two species were shown to be compatible, suggesting the insect could be released in natural sites invaded by the alien L. minuta where could act as potential biocontrol agent of it.
C5 series tackifier showed a good compatibility with PI, whereas a poor com- patibility with PS.
This result indicates that the tackifier HC have a poor compatibility with PS.
On the other hand, the mixture of PS, tackifier RP, and toluene formed homogeneous solution (c), which indicates that the tackifier RP have a good compati- bility with PS.
In an 18-month survey of European honey bees (EHB) and Africanized honey bees (AHB), we showed that EHB were highly compatible with V. jacobsoni, while AHB were not as compatible.
V. Consequently, there is a high potential for encountering diversity in new bee – V. jacobsoni relationships, and thus in their levels of compatibility.
In contrast, when EHB hybridized with the African subspecies A. m. scutellata in Brazil, forming the Africanized honey bee (AHB), the new hybrid appeared to have low compatibility with this mite (Ritter and de Jong 1984).
jacobsoni combinations in Mexico, carried out to determine their level of compatibility.
This motivates us to check the compatibility of five different water models, including SPC, with the GROMOS96 53A6L united atom model of two different lipid bilayers, DPPC and POPC.
As indicated, plant 4 was highly self-incompatible (SI) under greenhouse conditions; but it became self-compatible (SC) when exposed to a constant 32 C temperature in controlled environment chambers for 2 days (7).
were considered due to pseudo-self-compatibility fore, plants with 10% or less of the florets considered SI, while those with seed sets were classed as SC.
We investigated the compatibility of paclitaxel (in a speciﬁc formulation, TAXOL®) in 5% glu- cose solution and ECOFLAC® containers.
Paclitaxel stabil- ity and compatibility in polyoleﬁn containers.
PMEA having intermediate hydrophilicity, 9.0 wt % of EWC, shows excellent compatibility.
These observa- tions lead one to infer that the compatibility of PLA/PCL blends has been enhanced by addition of 1 and 2 wt% of POSS, especially due to the fact that PCL is more thermally stable than PLA, and thus, higher level of interactions between these poly- mers could positively affect the thermal stability of the blend.
However, higher contents of POSS were found to dimin- ish the compatibility between PLA and PCL.
The FEEDAP Panel concludes that the product 035 (B. subtilis DSM 17299) is compatible with lasalocid sodium, maduramycin ammonium, monensin sodium, narasin, salinomycin sodium and semduramycin sodium.
Hansen A/S containing new data to support the compatibility of 035 with lasalocid sodium, maduramycin ammonium, monensin sodium, narasin, salinomycin sodium and semduramycin sodium.
Despite the poor performances observed, the experiment allows the assessment of the compatibility of B. subtilis with the three considered coccidiostats.
Nevertheless, the three vegetable oils (canola, soybean and corn oils) and the aromatic hydrocarbon mixture, Cyclosol 63, can also be used without experiencing significant phys- ical compatibility problems.
The in vitro Ca-P compatibility in ready-for-use TPN solutions after the addition of different concentrations of inorganic phosphate or d-fructose-1,6-diphosphate (FDP) and calcium chloride was evaluated.
Raupp et a123 evaluated the Ca-P compatibility of sodium glycerophosphate and glucose phosphate in TPN solutions.
Crotonaldehyde (19) are not compatible with Group 1.
Furfuryl Alcohol Organic Acids (20) is not compatible with Group 4.
, Qk are compatible.
, Qk are compatible.
, fk are compatible.
, fk are compatible.
, fk are actually E-compatible.
Therefore, Q1 and Q2 are I-compatible.
Introduction At present, it is unclear to what extent CERs are compatible with the QELRCs.
B, No heterokaryon is formed at self-fusion or between incompatible isolates on Czapek solution agar (CDA).
G and H, Hyphal fusion between incompatible isolates.
The Identification of a limited number of vegetative compatibility groups within Isolates of Sclerotinia homoeocarpa infecting Poa spp.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae.
A comparison of heterokaryosis and fujikuroi incompatibility among varieties of Gibberella vegetative (Fusarium moniliforme).
Vegetative compatibility groups among Sclerotinia homoeocarpa from leaves of Paspalum notatum.
Ondansetron compati­ ble with sodium acetate.
We demonstrated this compatibility by performing a Diels-Alder reaction in PDMS microchannels.
Sexual compatibility in Goniumpectorale (Volvocales: Chlorophyceae) from soil of a single pond.
The occurrence of two distinct mating groups within the remaining M c!ones suggests that the population consisted of two pairs of comple- mentary mating types, members of each pair being incompatible with those of the other.
Two mL of a BAC-free cromolyn sodium I% solution mixed with0.3 mL of metaproterenol sulfate 5% solution diluted in 2.5 mL of NaCI 0.9%,0.5 mLof isoproterenol 0.5%, 0.5 mLof isoetharine I%, I mLof epinephrine 2.25%, or 0.5 mL of terbutaline 0.1% solu- tion, have been shown to be physically and chemicallycompatible forup to 60 minutes whenstoredat roomtemperature and unprotect- ed from light.'
The most biocompatible blends are 30HPC/70PU, 10HPC/90PU and PU.
CONCLUSIONS It has been shown that a relationship between the degree of compatibility in the HPC/PU blends and their properties exists.
The increase in the degree of compatibility is due to the creation of interactions between –OH groups from HPC and polar groups of the PU.
Differential scanning calorimetry and thermo- gravimetric analysis have proved that trandolapril is fully compatible with all the studied excipients until 100 °C.
The careful study of the DSC curves of both sub- stances and their blend reveals that the melting of the API remains practically unchanged in the 1:1 blend, indicating the compatibility of the two substances at least until 180 °C.
Hence, trandolapril is fully compatible with mcc in room 123 E. Roumeli et al.
The thermal stability of trando- lapril and its compatibility with various excipients were studied in this study using DSC and TG, as well as XRPD, FTIR, and SEM.
Application of DSC and NIRS to study the compatibility of metronidazole with different pharmaceutical excipients.
SKB states that they are compatible, based on the King Guide, but warns that the diphenhydramine used must not contain any parabens, which are incompatible with Compazine.
Interestingly, they report that diphenhy- dramine and prochlorperazine are compatible.
The DSC measurement showed that the compatible blends adopt low crystallinity for both PHB and PVA.
The compatible composition range of the syndiotactic- rich PVA/PHB blend is wider than that of the atactic-PVA/PHB blend.
* Bacterial P(3HB) has the advantage of optical activity, biodegradability, and biocompati- bilit~.
Specific Interaction in the Crystalline Phase If PVA and PHB form a compatible polymer blend, the driving force of the mixing is considered to be an intermolecular hydrogen-bonding interaction between the carbonyl oxygen of PHB and the hy- droxyl hydrogen of PVA.
The compatibility between PVA and PHB improves as the PVA content increases.
Thus, the compatibility between PVA and PHB improves with increasing PVA content.
The compatibility improves with increase of the PVA content.
The s-PVA/PHB blends con- taining more than 55 wt % s-PVA and a-PVA/PHB containing more than 85 wt 76 a-PVA are compatible on a scale of 200-300 A. .
The downfield shift of the carbonyl carbon res- onance in the PST MAS NMR spectra indicates that the compatibility of the PVA/PHB blends is due to the hydrogen-bonding interaction in the amorphous phase.
The compatible blends show low crystallinity for both PHB and PVA phases.
Therefore, it was concluded that ITZ and Phospholipon 90G were mutually compatible.
These observations conﬁrm the compatibility between ITZ and Phospholipon 90H.
In addition, the results of optical microscopy, PXRD analysis, and FT-IR spectroscopy indicated the compatibility of ITZ and HP-b-CD.
No compatibility was observed between isolates of the highly virulent slow-growing grey (SGG), the moderately virulent fast-growing salmon (FGS) and the avirulent/weakly virulent fast-growing grey (FGG) strains.
Lannate SP at 4300 pprn and Sevin WP at 3700-21,000 pprn have been previously shown to be compatible with B. thuringiensis (Altahtawy and Abaless 1972; Chen et al.
FundalB was incompatible with B.t.
Gametophytic–sporo- phytic incompatibility in the Cruciferae, Raphanus sativus.
The results show that CPa is more compatible than CPb.
This is because the MPAa is more compatible with HDPE than MPAb with.
This indicates the incompatibility between PA6 and HDPE.
This demonstrates that the MPAs are highly compatible with HDPE, and the compatibilization efficiency of CPa is higher than that of CPb because the two phases of MPAa/HDPE blends cannot be clearly distinguished.
Deriving from the good biocompatibility of PEG and the biodegradability of PLA, PEG–PLA copolymers own good biocompatibility and partial biodegradabil- ity.
Biocompatibility polyglycidol.
Iminoidoanes are generally compatible with a wider range of functionality than MSH.
L-DACS1 is compatible to ATN/OSI and ATN/IPS.
CONCLUSIONS sPS-(DGEBA/MCDEA) blends have been compatibi- lized by introduction of a small amount of PS-b-PEO diblock copolymers with different molecular weights.
Poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG) as a biocompatible and biodegradable [36] plasticizer has been extensively investigated to increase extensibility of PLA.
Therefore, the PLA/PELU blends were partially miscible and the compatibility of PLA with PELU improved due to increasing PLA segment content of PELU.
Thus, the results of DSC and SEM uniformly demonstrated that the PLA/PELU blends were partially miscible and the PLA segment in PELU could effectively improve the compatibility between PLA and PELU.
The results of DSC and SEM uniformly demonstrated that the PLA/PELU blends were partially miscible and the PLA segment in PELU could effectively improve the compatibility between PLA and PELU.
Improved hemocompatibility of poly (ethylene terephthalate) modiﬁed with various thiol-containing groups.
Species were generally self-incompatible, with only one accession of N. adansonii and one accession of N. ivaniana exhibiting limited self-fertility as measured by fruit set.
Intraspeciﬁc compatibility appears to be high with most crosses resulting in greater than 80 % fruit set.
Previous to these studies, sexual compatibility was known to exist only between N. paradoxa and four other species.
Self-compati- bility in N. paradoxa and in N. humifusa was reported, as well as successful hybridization between N. para- doxa (as N. atriplicifolia) and N. humifusa (as N. prostrata), both artiﬁcial and spontaneous in cultiva- tion (Saunders 1934).
One accession of N. adansonii (Ad2-3) and one accession of N. ivaniana (Iv2-2) exhibited limited self-compatibility, each with two out of ten pollinations resulting in fruit set.
Results show that while some self- compatibility exists within Nolana, species are gen- erally self-incompatible.
One possible cause of incompatibility could be if the Nolana species studied have different chromo- some base numbers (i.e.
Nevertheless, germination of hybrid seed has provided veriﬁcation of sexual compatibility between 18 species combinations previously not known to be compatible.
We found species to be generally self-incom- patible, with limited self-compatibility seen in two species (N. adansonii and N. ivaniana).
Intraspeciﬁc compatibility is strong within species with few exceptions.
Using fruit set as an initial indicator of possible compatibility between species, we classiﬁed 24 species crosses as incompatible based on unsuccessful fruit production.
Previous to these studies, sexual compatibility was known to exist only between N. paradoxa and N. humifusa, N. elegans, N. rupicola, and N. aplocary- oides.
The compatible combinations include species that have been placed in different clades based on molecular analyses.
The results confirmed the chemical compatibility between the formulations.
Nitrogenase activity of this strain was significantly higher in genera other than the source genus, indicating a lack of compatibility between it and plants of the genus Alnus.
The source of this incompatibility is at the level of the interactions between the plant and bacterium but its actual nature has not been determined.
This phenomenon has been attributed to the better compatibility of the epoxy bin- ders and EA.
Epoxy binder has good compatibility with both GA and EA at 25 °C.
The temperature shift between omeprazole/ambroxol hydrochloride and omeprazole is 25.7 °C, suggesting a strong evidence of incompatibility phenomena16.
Therefore, ambroxol some hydrochloride can accelerate the thermal decomposition of omeprazole, Notably, the melting endothermic peak of ambroxol omeprazole/ambroxol hydrochloride hydrochloride mixture, which may also indicate possible incompatibility between the two excipients17.
Among the four main vegetative compatibility groups (VCG 1–4), originally established in order to diﬀerentiate the world-wide V. dahliae population, VCG 1 was found to consist of cotton- defoliating strains.
To study the compatibility between LiFe0.6Mn0.4PO4 and electrolytes, lithium bis(oxalate)borate (LiBOB) is chosen as the lithium salt, based upon ethylene carbonate (EC), dimethyl carbonate (DMC), and dimethyl sulfite (DMS) as the supporting electrolyte solvents.
The results suggest that LiBOB-EC/DMS elec- trolyte has good compatibility with LiFe0.6Mn0.4PO4, which makes it an attractive electrolyte for rechargeable LIBs based upon LiFe0.6Mn0.4PO4 cathodes.
Investigations into a new lithium salt, lithium bis(oxalato)- borate (LiBOB), have confirmed that it could be more effi- cient than LiPF6 in inhibiting the dissolution of MnIII, and that it offers several advantages over other conventional salts, such as good thermal stability, high compatibility with cathode materials, no erosion of manganese and iron cathode materials, as well as being fluorine-free and non-toxic.
This finding indicates good stability and compatibility of the bio-oil with the HFO.
The homogeneity is reduced by the low compatibility of the polyols based on polyester with freon 11.
Thus, the compatibility of oligoesteralcohols with freon 11 is enhanced by the introduction of tris(8-chlorethy1)phosphate.
3, containing tall oil fatty acids, shows a better compatibility than the previous two.
The compatibility test of freon 11 with the mixture oli- goesteralcohol-low-molecular polyol revealed that the introduction of 15% polyethyleneglycol in oligoesteralcohol no.
Cytocompatibility of PLL-g-HPA hydrogels.
The PLL-g-HPA hydrogels possess good biological compatibility, as demonstrated in vitro cell cultivation and attachment experiments.
A variety of compatibilizers, for example, glycidyl meth- acrylate and benzoyl peroxide,4 maleic anhydride,12 poly- caprolactone grafted with maleic anhydride and/or with glycidyl methacrylate2 were employed to improve the interaction between PLA and TPS phases.
Nevertheless, the tox- icity from the remaining of unreacted chemicals and some compatibilizers the resulting blends as food contact materials.
The fabrication of TPS from hydrophobically modified starches, for example, acetylated starch8,10 and epoxidized cardanol grafted starch18 has been proved to reduce hydrophilicity of TPS and consequently improve its compatibility with PLA.
PLA, poly(lactic acid); TPSN, TPS from native cassava starch; TPSA, TPS from acetylated starch compatibilizer (anhydride functionalized polymer) could increase the MFI of PLA/TPS/poly(butylene adipate-co- terephthalate) (PBAT) blend because of the improved interfacial interaction between hydrophobic biodegrad- able polyesters and hydrophilic starch.
This may be the result of the improved compatibility between the TPS and PLA phases (as confirmed by SEM) owing to the enhanced hydrophobicity of the modified starches.
116 1 Analysis and Simulation of Cable Crosstalk Veyis Solak, Hasan Seckin Efendioglu, Bektas Colak, and Muhammet Garip Abstract— Crosstalk is an important phenomenon for both EMC (electromagnetic compatibility) and TEMPEST.
RESULTS Interspecific compatibility -Fifteen Leucaena species (14 spp., plus diploid and tetraploid L. diversifolia) were test-mated in 97% of 240 possible combinations in 3,135 inflorescences with 49,157 floret pollinations, averaging 16 florets per inflorescence (Fig.
Self- and intraspecific-compatibility-Self-compatibil- ity was assessed for 15 species by hand pollinations (di- agonals in Fig.
Of the three self-compatible Leucaena species, L. leucocephala (n = 52) produced the most seed upon selfing (13.1 seeds per floret pollinated), whereas L. sp.
Intraspecific matings of self-incompatible species var- ied in success from complete failure of seed production in L. esculenta, L. greggii, and L. trichodes to 7.8 seeds per floret pollinated in L. collinsii and 8.1 seeds per floret pollinated in L. lanceolata.
Intraspecific matings of self-incompatible species oc- casionally failed when certain trees were mated.
This is compatible with the IWC calculations of section 2.2, thus supporting the hypothesis that the Nevzorov probe (AHparam) underestimates (overes- timates) IWC in this regime.
Identification and partial amino acid sequences of seven S-RNases associated with self-incompatibility of Japanese pear, Pyrus pyrifolia Nakai.
Midazolam hydrochloride was visually compatible throughout the 24-hour study with all the medications tested except ampicillin sodium, ceftazi­ dime (with sodium carbonate), cefuroxime sodium, dexamethasone sodium phosphate, dobutamine hy­ drochloride, furosemide, nafcillin sodium, and sodium bicarbonate.
Midazolam 1 mg/mL (as the hydro­ chloride salt) was visually compatible with all the medications tested for up to 24 hours at 23 °C except ampicillin sodium, ceftazidime (with sodium carbon­ ate), cefuroxime sodium, dexamethasone sodium phosphate, dobutamine hydrochloride, furosemide, nafcillin sodium, and sodium bicarbonate.
In addition, 5% dextrose injection' was also used as a diluent for allopurinol sodium when tested with amphotericin B because of the latter drug's incompatibility with 0.9% sodium chloride injection.
Some of these combinations (e.g., allopurinol sodium with meperidine hydrochloride, morphine sulfate, or plicamycin) did not change sufficiently for the drugs to be considered incompatible.
Characterization Techniques A compatibility between ER and some energetic compounds, including RDX, HMX and CL-20 was investigated by employing a thermogravimetry and differential scanning calorimetry (TGA/DSC 1).
This information obtained by DSC further confirms that there may be possibly due to the occurrence of the chemical reaction between the ER and RDX, resulting to have a poor compatibility.
Imipenem-cilastatin sodium was visu­ ally incompatible with meperidine hydrochloride, while acyclovir and furosemide were incompatible with both morphine sulfate and meperidine hydro­ chloride.
Chlorpromazine, haloperidol, thioridazine, and trifluopera­ zine products were incompatible with lithium citrate syrup; other products were compatible.
The four incompati­ ble neuroleptic solutions were each mixed with 1.64 M sodium.
The cblorpromazine concentrate, however, was observed to he incompatible with orange, prune, and cranberry juices and a citric product® in the absence of lithium citrate syrup.
Over 3 years, a cross-compatibility study was performed using cultivars and species of shrub-form lilacs in series Syringa, Pubescentes, and Villosae.
As a seed parent, S. vulgaris Tiny Dancer was compatible with S. vulgaris ‘Sensation’ at 0.14 seedlings per pollinated ﬂower, whereas the reciprocal cross yielded 0.21 seedlings per pollinated ﬂower.
Genetic diversity in V. dahliae has been studied mainly by means of vegetative compatibility grouping and, to a lesser extent, analyses of the fungal DNA.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticillium dahliae from ornamental woody plants.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae isolates from different hosts in Greece.
Vegetative compatibil- ity grouping of Verticillium dahliae from cotton in mainland China.
Deﬁnition of compatibility Consider a duopoly market in which firm A and firm B produce two brands named Brand A and Brand B, respectively.
Under such a varied effect, system B (the incompatible brand) is more attractive for consumers.
It is compatible with steel and aluminum and even though it is far separated from magnesium on a voltage scale its chemistry is such that it is compati­ ble with magnesium.
Social compatibility in a newly formed all-male group of white crowned mangabeys (Cercocebus atys lunulatus).
INTRODUCTION The compatibility and stability of paclitaxel adminis- tered through polyethylene and polyethylene-lined sets have been established.
Obviously, the cellular compatibility of SF–Co–ZnO is better than that of SF-free NPs.
Self- incompatibility (SI) plays a role in this heterogeneity and contributes to inconsistent and poor bean yields.
At 15 DAP, 43.1% of the trees had FR of less than 30% and therefore were considered self-incompatible.
RESULTS: Of the 15 drugs studied, only heparin, furosemide, and teicoplanin were found to be incompatible with ciprofloxacin.
tritici (wheat powdery mildew fungus) is compatible with Triticum aestivum L., but incompatible with Secale cereale L. On the basis of this pathogenic specializa- tion, interspecific hybrids between rye (S. cereale L.) and wheat {Triticum spp.)
tritici of E. graminis, and inoculation tests were carried out to clarify the compatibility of the hybrid.
secalis was highly compatible with rye cvs.
in Transec is incompatible with t2.
Discussion In this experiment the difference between incompatible and compatible RTs equals 76.33 msec.
In apples and pears cultivated in Israel, where conditions for pollination are usually unfavorable, it was demonstrated that yields may be correlated with compatibility levels of pollinators.
Many plant species are self- incompatible, and a variety of mechanisms governs this ability.
Because of their self-incompatibility, fruit-set in GSI plants depends on cross-pollination.
The small number of S-haplotypes, and the fact that 87% of them are associated with only four different alleles ensures semi- compatibility between many of the cultivar combinations in the Japanese plum orchards in Israel.
Moreover, the number of fully compatible combinations is reduced even further because the plum cultivars do not ﬂower synchronically.
Se-haplotype confers self-compatibility in Japanese plum (Prunus salicina Lindl.).
Cloning of four new Japanese plum S-alleles and determination of the compatibility between culti- vars by PCR analysis.
Self-compatible peach (Prunus persica) has mutant versions of the S haplotypes found in self-incompatible Prunus species.
Polyethylene glycol (PEG) is biocompatible and nontoxic in nature and was used as the carrier for the bioactive agent and essential oils using sodium bis(2-ethylhexyl) sulfosuccinate (AOT) as the emulsiﬁer.
Physi- cal compatibility of 4% sodium citrate with selected antimicrobial agents.
The ﬁrst is that amylose and j-carra- geenan show a slight incompatibility, without any phase separation in the liquid state.
Carra- geenan does not penetrate into the granules, because it is strongly incompatible with amylopectine: being mixed these solutions are separating.
Various labora- tory experiments have clearly shown species incompatibility between closely related mealybugs.
In addition, parasex- ual recombination between vegetatively incompatible strains of F. oxysporum has been observed in the laboratory (Molnár et al.
Parasexual re- combination between vegetatively incompatible strains in Fusarium oxysporum.
The incompatibility of PVC with higher homologues has been explained by the decrease in the fraction of the — C(O)—Ο groups in the macromolecules and by their shielding by long alkyl groups, which hinders the formation of hydrogen bonds between PVC and the ester groups of polyacrylates.
The studies considered above lead to the conclusion that PVC is compatible with PMMA, which disagrees with the data of other workers,8 6»9 5'96 who demonstrated only their limited compatibility.
Despite the possibility of the formation of hydrogen bonds, not all the esters are compatible with PVC.
The compatibility of PVDF [poly(vinylidene fluoride)] with oxygen-containing polymers.
Thus it has been established by the RGC method that fluoro- rubber is incompatible with ethylene-propylene rubber over a wide temperature range,1 00 since hydrogen and EDA bonds cannot be formed between their macromolecules.
The increase in the size of the alkyl substituent on passing to PIPMA and PIPA leads to the incompatibility of these polymers with PVDF.
When the methyl group is present in the side branches, structural iso- merism does not play any role: PVDF is compatible with PVAC and PMA.
This follows from the fact that PVDF is compatible with PVMK and incompatible with PVME.
This hypothesis explains the role of the carbonyl group in ensur- ing the greater compatibility of poly(alkyl methacrylates) with PVDF compared with poly(alkyl acrylates): the electron- donating capacity of the carbonyl group in the former is higher than in the latter as a consequence of the inductive effect caused by the presence of the methyl substituent in the oir-position.
Branched polyesters are incompatible with PC.
The replace- ment of aliphatic dicarboxylic acid residues in the polyester molecules by aromatic residues (PETP, PEOP) leads to their incompatibility with PC.
For this reason, the latter do not dissolve in alkanes and are not compatible with polymeric aliphatic hydrocarbons.
For example, poly(phenylene oxide) (PPO) is incompatible with poly-p- chlorostyrene (PPCS) but is compatible with polystyrene (PS).
The compatibility of PPO with styrene—p-chlorostyrene copoly- mers of different composition has been investigated by the scanning calorimetric and mechanical relaxation methods.1 28 It has been shown that the copolymers containing less than 65.3 mole % CS are compatible with PPO, while those contain- ing more than 68% CS are incompatible.
In the second case, the polymer A is incompatible with The ethylene—vinyl acetate copolymers form either the polymer Β or the polymer C but is compatible with the copolymer BC.
For example, PVC is incompatible with either poly butadiene6 or poly aery lonitrile1 31 but is compatible with their copolymer containing 40 mol % of polyacrylonit- rile.
According to other data,1 38 PPO is incompatible with either PPCS or poly-o-chlorostyrene, but is compatible with their copolymer in the range of PS contents from 25 to 64 mole %.
The use of ethylene glycol as a chain extender in cast elastomers has been limited due to the incompatibility of ethylene glycol in typical polyols.
The use of ethylene glycol as a chain extender in cast elastomers has been somewhat limited due to the incompatibility of ethylene glycol in typical polyols.
However, there are dramatic differences in their ethylene glycol compatibilities.
95 For comparison, NIAXO polyol 11-34 was also tested to determine the compatibility of ethylene glycol in a polyol without dispersed poly- acrylonitrile.
However, different from the common plant cellulose, BC has higher purity, crystallinity, high thermal stability (250-300ºC), good biocompatibility, good water retention capacity and high * Corresponding author.
These results suggest that C. aurea leaf extracts is compatible with M. anisopliae and could be mixed together for ‘‘spot-spray’’ treatments as low-cost and environmental-friendly technology to control ticks in grazing ﬁeld, while AAAP should be used separately.
In addition, the after-treatment catalysts are able to reduce the HC and CO emissions down to levels quite similar the base and NP-additivated oil, which indicates a full compatibility of the investigated catalysts towards the MoS2 nanolubricant.
Biodiesel compatibility with carbon steel and HDPE parts.
Ourisia poeppigii is highly self-compatible and strongly autogamous.
), Ourisia poeppigii is not only highly self-compatible but also potentially strongly autogamous.
Thus, most sexual reproduction in O. poeppigii on Cerro Diente is probably a result of self-pollination by virtue of its self-compatibility and its strong potential for spontaneous selfing.
However, self-incompatibility or facultative outcrossing cannot be ruled out for the genus in South America on the basis of the present record of self-compatibility and strong autogamy from an area ofextremely low pollinator availability.
BT SV2 was checked for its compatibility with deltamethrin by streaking the Bt SV2 on the deltamethrin (10 µg/ml) containing sterile nutrient agar plate.
However, there are examples in which gametes are compatible, yet hybrids are not pervasive.
This suggests that, despite compati- bility of type A and B gametes from sympatric animals, other mechanisms hamper the formation and/or persistence of hybrids.
Maleic anhydride grafted high density polyethylene (HDPE-g-MAH) and Maleic anhydride grafted polypropylene (PP-g-MAH) have been added as compatibilizing agent.
Lignin, including many polar functional groups, has bad compatibility with non-polar PE.
The compatibility of the lignin/PE composites has been improved through filling the HDPE-g-MAH.
At 36 months, the survival rates for compatible and incompati ble groups were 57% and 72%, respectively, for the ABO system; 52% and 59%, respectively, for the Lewis system; and 68% and 62%, respectively, for the HLA system.
The La-based perovskites were chosen to study B-site cation valence, oxygen vacancy, weight loss, phase transformation and ion interdiusion, in order to iden- tify the reasons of dierent chemical compatibility of Sr and Ca series with YSZ.
The dopamine modification significantly improves the AlgDA-COF compatibility, which enhances the COF content up to 50 wt% in the hybrid membranes.
The data collected from the in vitro experiments revealed that PuraMatrix hydrogel was most compatible with hNSCs as it supported hNSC survival, differentiation and migration.
PHBV is biodegradable and biocompatible natural pol- yester from polyhydroxyalkanoates family (PHAs), which have properties that make them promising candidates to replace conventional thermoplastics [2].
However, due to its high surface polarity and hydrophilicity it is mainly incompatible with hydrophobic polymer matrices such as polyolefins [4].
On the other hand, SNM and SFM electrodes seem to be chemically compatible with CGO up to 1200 °C (Fig.
All these anodes are chemically incompatible with YSZ electrolyte at temperatures as low as 800 °C, giving rise to different reaction prod- ucts such as SrMoO4 and SrZrO3.
within the same electromagnetic spectrum as (and fully compatibly with) black-and-white TV.
Similarly, in the SQ system, by taking into account the psychoacoustics of man, and noting that conventional stereophonic transmission utilizes the amplitude signal space and not the phase space be- tween the two channels, it has become possible to devise a system to transmit and receive quadraphonic programs over two-channel circuits of FM stereo transmitters fully compatibly with mono and stereo receivers.
812 It is evident that of all the proposals, only the basic and forward-oriented SQ codes are exactly and precisely compatible with stereo and mono reproduction except for the center-back signal which is not trans- mitted with the basic SQ encoder in the monophonic mode.
The results indicated that SBS and asphalt had different compatibility in the different SBS added amounts at different tem- peratures.
Compared to DBTSPO, DBTDPO can support the excellent distribution uniformity to blue TADF dye bis[4-(9,9-dimethyl–9,10-dihydroacridine) phenyl] sulfone (DMAC-DPS), owing to their configuration similarity; while 3DBSOSPO and 4DBSOSPO are superior in compatibility with the hosts due to the similar molecular polarity or configuration.
The aggregates of DMAC-DPS was formed in DBTSPO matrix, reflecting their different molecu- lar symmetry induced poor compatibility.
The lowest efficiencies of S2 should be attributed to the worst compati- bility between 2DBSOSPO and DBTSPO regarding to their opposite configurations and much different polarity.
AFM images showed the more uniform dispersion of DMAC-DPS in DBTDPO, revealing their stronger compatibility, which further endows DBTDPO:DMAC-DPS films with the higher PLQY and reduced emission lifetime.
All 21 intra-isolate combinations were compatible.
For example, while styrene and butadiene are miscible in all proportions, pure polystyrene and pure polybutadiene of moderate molecu- lar weights will be incompatible even when largely diluted by a small molecular weight solvent.
In this work, we have analyzed the self-compatible apricot cv.
(2007) Self-compatible peach (Prunus persica) has mutant versions of the S haplotypes found in self- incompatible Prunus species.
Hawthorn, a member of Rosaceae, is an important germplasm re- source in China, but research on the mechanism of self-incompatibility in the genus Crataegus has not been reported.
Self-pollinated ‘Zizhenzhu’ exhibited self- compatibility.
Species in Solanaceae, Scrophulariaceae and Rosaceae exhibit gametophytic self-incompatibility, which is controlled by a multi-allelic locus (S locus).
Although Crataegus also belongs to Rosaceae, the mechanism of self- incompatibility in this genus has not yet been reported.
Analysis of fruit set rate and genotype following self pollination of ‘Zizhenzhu’ and ‘No.6’, which had the same genotype, revealed that ‘No.6’ and ‘Zizhenzhu’ were self-in- compatible and -compatible, respectively.
SLFL Genes participate in the ubiquitination and degradation reaction of S-RNase in self- compatible peach.
Style-speciﬁc self-incompatible mutation caused by deletion of the S-RNase gene in Japanese pear (Pyrus serotina).
A low transcriptional level of Se-RNase in the Se-hap- lotype confers self-compatibility in Japanese plum.
The use of the S haplotype-speciﬁc F- box protein gene, SFB, as a molecular marker for S-haplotypes and self-compatibility in Japanese apricot (Prunus mume).
It reveals that PEEK is compatible with PES.'
CONCLUSIONS Poly (aryl ether ether ketone) is compatible with poly( aryl ether sulfone) at a processing temperature 310°C.
Inbreeding is more likely than hybridization in natural populations and a crude incompatibility system, such as that found in R. reptans, is sufﬁcient to accomplish inbreeding avoidance.
Most of the South American diploid potato species are self-incompatible (de Nettancourt 2001) due to a game- tophytic self-incompatibility system.
This germplasm gives breeders an- other genetic source of self-compatibility to complement the Sli gene in S. chacoense.
In all cases, MeOx exhibited the highest compatibility with water (i.e.
Most interestingly and in contrast to CUR and PTX, HVK indeed predicted (Ra) a high compatibility of the polymers comprising C9 sidechains and EFV.
The physical incompatibility, which was observed at a pH of 4.95, resulted from the addition of MS2 (pH 3.14) to J (pH 6.25) to achieve a I mg/mL MS/J solution.
The associa- tion of heparin sodium with amiodarone has been demonstrated as incompatible by Perez Juan et al.
We observed 8 incompatible combinations including pantoprazole (25.8 %; N = 8/31).
Critical drugs Of the three tests performed for cotrimoxazole, all were considered as incompatible.
The presence of occasional self-compatible plants among otherwise self-incompatible populations have been reported.
The results indicate that among the 30 plants examined in the family, ten plants were self-compatible and 20 were self-incompati- ble.
All the ten self-compatible plants were also compatible with all the self-incompatible plants both as male and female.
TG analysis provides evidence of incompatibil- ity only between OLZ and lactose.
Application of DSC and NIRS to study the compatibility of metronidazole with different pharmaceutical excipients.
In addition, compatibility of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), sainfoin (Onobrychis viciifolia Scop.
The blends of PS and PPO have previously been found to be com pletely compatible throughout the entire composition range.
9 The compatibility of the pCIS-co-S copolymers with PPO depends on the fraction of styrene in the copolymer.
Figure 5 is the TSD spectra of a 50/50 PpClS/PPO incompatible blend.
Vegetative compatibility groups and protein electrophoresis indicate a role for basidiospores in spread of Inonotus tomentosus in spruce forests of British Columbia.
By contrast, incompatible plasmodia may remain in FIG.
When these F 1 plasmodia were tested against the 2.7 parent plasmodium, all 20 CoLLINS AND CLARK : GENETICS OF DIDYMIUM 99 combinations were compatible.
The problem is now under investigation and eventually it is hoped that much more will be known about the possibly intricate relationship between the vegetative and sexual compatibility systems in D. iridis.
In this connection, we sometimes observe what ap pears to be protein coagulation at the point of contact between certain It seems possible that the combinations of incompatible plasmodia.
Plasmodial compatibility in heterothallic and homothallic isolates of Didymium iridis.
To overcome the problems associated with DMPA incorporation into PU, a functional group containing carboxyl groups was proposed for grafting onto PU to improve the water compatibility.
Such variation is hypothesized to cause variation on the ﬁnal properties of compatibilized PP/PE/EPDM blends.
It has been reported that the introduction of compatibilizer in PP/LDPE blends affects the crystallinity of both PP and LDPE [20].
10a), which are, respectively, miscible with polyethylene and polypropylene, thus enhancing the compatibility of the polyethylene/polypro- pylene blends.
In order to select candidates for EC seeding before implantation, the in vitro cytocompatibility of three different Pellethanes@ (polyetherurethanes) using human ECs was investigated.
The compatibility of Ro 5-0013 and 2 arsenicals (arsanilic acid and 3-nitro-4- hydroxyphenylarsonic acid) was shown in an 8-week feeding trial.
This study shows the incompatibility of IND with PVP, MS, and AcSt.
In Basidiomycete fungi such as C. cinereus, haploid colonies persist until a compatible mate is found.
However, among the mutants capable of swarming, some were compatible and some incompatible with the parent strain.
vufgaris showed compatibility with the strains of P. mirabifis that had an identical PIS type.
Additionally, the compatibility of the two C. amarus accessions with the watermelon cv.
298 Both C. amarus accessions have shown efficient grafting compatibility to 299 watermelon, but they differed in influencing the fruit quality.
Trials were established at the Aula Dei Experimental Station (Zaragoza, Spain) to assess graft compatibility between ﬁve European plum (Prunus do- mestica L.) and six Japanese plum (Prunus salicina L.) cultivars with thirty-eight rootstocks belonging to peach × almond hybrids, as well as slow-growing, fast-growing and interspeciﬁc hybrid plum groups.
showed ‘localized’ incompatibility with the six evaluated peach × almond hybrid rootstocks, although it was compatible with all plum based rootstocks.
Breeding Prunus rootstocks studies are in progress at the Aula Dei Experimental Station for obtaining new Prunus rootstocks, with speciﬁc adaptation to Mediterranean environments (Font i Forcada et al., 2012; Mestre et al., 2015, 2017) and having a wide graft compatibility with diﬀerent stone fruit species, including plum cultivars (Moreno, 2004; Reig et al., 2018b).
When budded on the slow-growing plum rootstocks, the 100% of ‘Golden Japan’ trees exhibited good graft compatibility (ca- tegory ‘A’), with the exception of those budded on the pentaploid Damas GF 1869.
Protein and amino acid content in compatible and incompatible peach/plum grafts.
Graft union formation and cell-to-cell commu- nication via plasmodesmata in compatible and incompatible stem unions of Prunus spp.
For the incompatible condi- tion, we randomly selected two versions for each multiple panel (two-graph and six-graph multiple panels for each topic) out of all possible versions with incompatible legend arrange- ments.
This helps to improve the compatibility of the surface of BF with PP.
Besides hemocompatibility, the modified and unmodified nanoparticles were also found to be cytocompatible with L929 and C6 cell lines.
For clarity, both scsae and scsti can restore compatibility to the (lo) cytoplasm and were shown to be homologous.
PTMC and PAA are partially compatible with each other.
In order to increase the initial nitrogen content in the lithium and possibly improve compatibility with AlN, 1000 ppm N was added to the lithium for several tests.
The compatibility between NBR and AO-60 is attributed to H- bonds formation.
N230S has a stronger capability to blend with AO-60 molecules than N220S due to the larger number of H-bonds formed, indicating the stronger interaction and better compatibility between N230S and AO-60.
Collectively, these data demonstrate that maize phytoglycogen extracts are not uniformly cytocompatible.
This indicates increased compatibility of PET and POE in the PET/POE blends.
The authors demonstrate that the compatibility of PET and POE in PET/POE blends as well as blends toughness can be sig- nificantly improved.
The tendency had to be attributed to change of compatibility between PET and POE.
The various combinations (8s and 9s) were used to check the compatibility of linezolid with that of hydroxy propyl guar, carbopol 940P and sodium alginate, boric acid, benzalkonium chloride to find out any possible interactions in preformulation stage by spectral, thermal, and isothermal techniques.
CONCLUSIONS REFERENCES From the above studies, it can be concluded that Linezolid is compatible with HPG, a novel guar gum derivative and with all the ingredients intended to be used in the formulations.
Environmental factors such as temperature, and the locality where the trees are grown in New Zealand is also thought to affect compatibility.
Donders' b- and c reactions and S-R compatibility.
Of all the Thai cultivars, NWI tended to display a low compatibility (low symbi otic efficiency) with native rhizobia up to later growth stages, which resulted in a low seed yield (0.8 t ha- I).
In a previous study, Socías i Company and Felipe (1988) determined self-compatibili- ty by fluorescence microscopy in a progeny of 65 indi- viduals resulting from self-fertilisation of the almond cultivar Tuono.
The authors attributed the low number of self-incompatible seedlings obtained to the presence of lethal genes linked in repulsion to the Sf al- lele.
Similarly, the compatibility between PI–ZIF-8 was also shown to be improved by APTES.
In general, the compatibility between ZIF-8 and polymer is mainly enhanced by introducing a linker between them.
Again, APTES was used as the crosslinker for all the membrane synthesized to improve the compatibility between the polyimide and ZIF-8 particles.
The compatibility of the entomopathogenic nematode, Steinernema feltiae, and chemical insecticides for the control of the South American leafminer, Liriomyza huidobrensis.
39 Stearic acid is incompatible with most metal hydroxides, and may be incompatible with oxidizing agents.
46 This design was utilized by Durig and Fassihi to investigate the compatibility of pyridoxal HCl with 11 excipients at two temperatures (25° and 55°C), and two humidity conditions (11% and 75% RH), using only 16 experimental runs.
The bioavailability of the ginsenosides has reduced compared to the single Panax ginseng extract when compatibility with a certain amount of Veratrum nigrum.
Six different energetic materials, guanidinium azo-tetrazolate (GAT), (AGAT), aminoguanidinium monohydrate (AGATH), diaminoguanidinium azo-tetrazolate (DAGAT), triaminoguanidinium azo-tetrazolate and ammonium azo-tetrazolate (AZT), were studied to inves- tigate their compatibility.
For the binary system, the mixture starts to decompose at 182.00 °C and DTp = 0.64 °C, which indicates good compatibility between AGAT and DAGAT and weak interaction.
The mix- ture decomposes gradually and the maximum peak tem- perature is 167.275 °C, with all decomposing until it reaches 195 °C, DTp = 15.36 °C, which indicates haz- ardous compatibility between DAGAT and AZT and strong interaction.
The incompatibility of RDX and lead.
Remarkable incompatibility reflected by increased cohesiveness rates over time was noticed between WLPs and polycarboxylate-based WRs.
The second phase aims at evaluating the compatibility of produced WLPs with commercially available WRs based on lignosulphonate (LS), polynaphthalene sulphonate (PNS), and polycarboxylate (PC) ethers.
cubense vegetative compatibility groups.
(2009) Nitrate non-utilizing mutants and vegetative compatibility groups of Fusarium proliferatum and F. sacchari isolated form rice in the peninsular Malaysia and Kalimantan, Indonesia.
During a recent compatibility study between starch and desloratadine, an API that contains a secondary amine functional group, we observed a novel degradant formed between deslo- ratadine and a previously unidentiﬁed starch impurity in addition to an Amadori degradant formed between desloratadine and maltose, a known starch impurity.
For example, CD players from Sony and Philips are compatible because both players can play the same CDs.
Thus, as a result of the negative uncertainty effect of cross-generation compatibility, CBS’s color televi- sion technology soon failed in the market.
The loss of CBS color television to RCA color televi- sion highlights the importance of being compatible with previous-generation products (B&W televisions) in strong NE markets.
In contrast, cross-generation incompatibility has helped Logitech gain a pioneer advantage in the digital camera market, in which the strength of NE is relatively low because consumers can share their photos easily through common file formats (e.g., JPEG).
The significant product differentiation resulting from cross-generation incompatibility has helped Logitech rede- fine consumers’ preferences in the digital and online image market.
Usually, the compatibility between polyolefins and polar materi- als is poor because polyolefins are hydrophobic and it * Corresponding author.
The irradiation tech- nique successfully introduced the oxygen-containing polar groups onto the molecular chains of PE and PP, and significantly enhanced the compatibility of PE and PP with the CaCO3, sericite – tridymite – cristobalite (STC), talc and polyamide, and the strengthened and toughened polyolefin-based com- posites were obtained.
ISI detected a certain level of incompatibility between strains under both laboratory and Þeld conditions, because LF females tended to mate with LF males.
In this study, sexual compatibility between labora- tory and wild strains of Mexican fruit ßy was examined using analogous methodologies and experimental are- nas under laboratory and Þeld conditions, in an at- tempt to obtain two supplementary perspectives on the information conveyed through established repro- ductive indices.
The Db value, the Catsiff and Hewett based Dh sp,m value, the intrinsic viscosities and the densities suggest that the NBR/PS systems are largely incompatible due to repulsive interactions, while the NBR/SAN and NBR/ABS blends are mostly compatible as a result of an attractive interaction involving the acrylonitrile segments.
A ‘challenging’ environment consists of ‘red’, ‘orange’ and ‘yellow’ compatibility.
Self-compatible	peach	 (Prunus	persica)	has	mutant	versions	of	the	S	haplotypes	found	in	self-incompatible	Prunus	species.
per liter is • physically compatible with albAbbo-liter solutions.
Biopolymers evaluated were compatible with both fungi, exception maltodextrin at 1.5%, which was classified as moderately toxic to B. bassiana.
Thus Web Service X is a compatible and a substitute service for Y.
DISCUSSION The compatible interaction between E. nitens and P. cinnamomi provided a model system to study the compatible interaction between Eucalyptus spp.
Mixtures of several alkyl methacrylate polymers and poly(viny1idene fluoride) have been reported to be compatible over a wide range of composition.l$ These compatible blends have elicited a great deal of interest from both practical and fundamental viewpoints.
Pollen from the resulting F 1 hybrids was tested for compatibility on pistils of the LLS allotriploid tester line.
We also tested self-compatible strains of S. pennellii and S. peruvianum, two normally SI species ( Table 2 , Appendix S2).
Pollen from the resulting F 1 hybrids was then tested for compatibility on the LLS tester line.
Pollen from the hybrids was tested for compatibility on pistils of the allotriploid tester line LLS.
Electrostatic potentials of the S -locus F-box proteins contribute to the pol- len S specifi city in self-incompatibility in Petunia hybrida.
Our study indicated that imidacloprid and cyflumetofen showed no adverse effect on the survival, infectivity, and reproduction rates of EPNs and can be considered as the most compatible pesticides.
In this study, compatibility of cyflumetofen, fluxapyroxad + difenoconazole and ametoctra- din + dimethomorph with EPNs have been reported for the first time.
In order to implement this approach, we investigated the compatibility of local S. feltiae and H. bac- teriophora isolates with chemical pesticides commonly used in vegetable production areas in Turkey.
According to the results of this study, imidacloprid and cyflumetofen showed no adverse effect on the survival, infectivity, and reproduction rates of both isolates and can be considered as the most compatible pesticides.
Based on the results, we concluded that imidacloprid and cyflumetofen showed no adverse effect the survival, infectivity, and reproduction and can be considered as the most compatible pesticides.
Introduction Most cultivars of almond are self-incompatible.
Only a limited number of the numerous almond cultivars grown worldwide are self-compatible.
This is backed up by the possibility of Ferragnès sharing a self-incompatible allele with Genco and Tuono, transmitted from its Cristomorto parents (Ferragnes = Cristomorto x Ai), which belongs to the same population as Genco and Tuono.
The seemingly anomalous behaviour of Ferragnès, giving 100 per cent of SC seedlings when used as female parent in crosses with heterozygous self- compatible cultivars, suggests the presence of a shared self-incompatible allele in both parents.
The obligatory presence of a shared allele of S1, when a heterozygous self-compatible cultivar self- pollinates, also gives rise to families with 100 per cent self-compatible seedlings.
That Genco and Tuono carry the same compatibility alleles (SfSi) is confirmed by the fact that when they pollinate each other, the results are identical to those obtained when they are self-pollinated.
For the Atlantic rainforest plant guild, 30 % of the species were self-incompatible.
However, self-incompatibility is less common in certain Neotropical plant communities such as in high-elevation montane forests (Sobrevila and Arroyo 1982; Tanner 1982) or among Neotropical herbs and shrubs (Kress 1983; Ramírez and Brito 1990; Kress and Beach 1994).
Self- incompatibility (ISI <0.3) was found in 24 species (33 %).
Self- incompatibility was found in eight species (30 %): Abutilon bedfordianum (Malvaceae), Psychotria ruelliaefolia (Rubiaceae), and six Bromeliaceae species (Aechmea nudicau- lis, A. vanhoutteana, Billbergia distachia, Nidularium itatiaiae, Quesnelia augusto-coburgii, and Tillandsia geminiflora).
Those authors showed that self-incompatibility dominated in the canopy relative to the understory, except for species in the Rubiaceae.
In the INP guild, dichogamy (here, protandry) combined with herkogamy was observed in 37 % (10) of the species: all five Gesneriaceae species, plus E. brasiliensis, V. dracocephaloides, S. itatiaiae, A. bedfordianum, and T. geminiflora, and only the two latter are self-incompatible.
In contrast, the other foraging-types had similar levels of self-incompatibility between the plant habits for Neotropical species, and in the INP, this was in the opposite direction of empirical observations.
Neutral or significant associations of plant mating system and plant habit may be due to the lack of self-incompatible woody species in the INP guild and increased representation of other families with self- incompatible woody species (e.g., Bignoniaceae, Rubia- ceae, and Solanaceae) in the Neotropics.
Species in the Bromeliaceae were the greatest contributors to the self-incompatible herbaceous plant group, especially in the INP guild.
On the other hand, the PLLA/TPU compati- bility was enhanced, leading to the micro-phase separation increasing.
compatibility became better for PLLA/TPU blend with a ratio of 70/30.
Tbe inability of A. preissii and L. exocarpi to establish on non-host species was attributed to mistletoe-host incompatibility.
The subsequent death of the mistletoe leaves on the three non-host species suggested incompatibility between the mistletoe and the host.
They argued that in open forests and woodlands, where one to a few dominant tree species are com- mon, the development of close compatibility be- tween mistletoes and the dominant plant species is advantageous to mistletoes.
Thus the failure of the two mistletoes to establish on non-host species can be attributed to mistletoe-host results support Barlow's view that mistletoe host speci- incompatibility.
There are no compatibility studies for solutions compounded with cysteine and containing calcium chloride (CaCl2) using LO.
Maximum compatible concentrations of CaCl2 and potassium phosphate were 15 mmol/L and 12.5 mmol/L, respectively, for solutions containing both 50 and 100 mg/dL cysteine.
The maximum compatible concentrations of CaCl2 and potassium phosphate were 15 mmol/L and 12.5 mmol/L, respectively.
Indeed, of the five Pennisetum species tested as male partners, the three highly compatible ones (P ramosum, P schwein- furthii and P squamulatum) are allopatric to pearl mil- let and the two totally incompatible ones (P pedicella- tum and P polystachyon) are sympatric to pearl millet.
In conclusion, FA proved the incompatibility of acetazolamide mixtures with β-cyclodextrin, chitosan, lactose, mannitol, meglumine and starch.
These alterations suggest the incompatibility of acetazolamide with lactose and mannitol.
It can be concluded that the FTIR and TG data with the aid of FA do indeed allow for the detection of incompatibility between ingredients.
It may be that incompatibility between nymphal I.pacz$cus and murid hosts accounts for the absence of a cycle of spiro- chaete infection between these two organisms as well as their rare association in nature.
Thus, by altering the normally used growth conditions, CdTe can be grown at low temperatures that are compatible with HgTe growth.
Fungus gnats ﬂy species are found in greenhouse strawberry production and may be controlled with predatory mites, being important to know their compatibility with the pesticides used in strawberry crops.
Thus, the insecticides abamectin, azadirachtin, spinetoram, and thiamethoxam, and the fungicides azox- ystrobin + difenoconazole and iprodione are compatible with adults of C. brevistilis and S. scimitus, being necessary to evaluate the effect these pesticides in others phases of the life these predatory mite.
japonica were performed to analyze relative symbiotic compatibility.
Discussion This is the first study to evaluate the compatibility of Ifr and T. montezumae for management of the green croton scale infesting croton plants.
Our results in the greenhouse study indicated that both biological control agents are compatible when applied together for green croton scale management.
Ultra- violet spectra and Soxhlet extraction results show the formation of a polyethylene–PS copolymer during extru- sion in the presence of ultrasonic oscillations, which im- proves the compatibility of HDPE/PS blends.
Therefore, HDPE/PS blends are thought to be essentially incompatible in conven- tional extrusion.
It is a stage of relative incompatibility between green and EFF-squared which contests the assumption that economic, environmental and social aspects are mutually reinforcing.
Incompatibility between EFF² & green.
These environmental activities, although primarily ambidextrous to EFF-squared may, however, contribute to consolidate the compatibility between green and EFF-squared in the long-term.
Only the polyarylate having both methyl substitution and polar connector, i.e., TMBPS–polyarylate, was found to be compatible with PVC.
In addition, the tet- ramethyl substitution of TMBPS– and TMBPA– polyarylates may or may not offer a closer balance of the dispersive forces of the blend components, thereby affecting compatibility.
These results indicate that BPS– and TMBPA–polyarylates are incompatible with PVC.
Although the tetramethyl groups donate their electrons onto the phenyl rings, it is inferred that the nonpolar connector groups of TMBPA– polyarylate hinder the compatibility with PVC.
yVs ABO incompatible.
Dyes in adjoining groups were said to be compatible.
Using Specially Selected Dyes Some dye manufacturers, notably Mitsubishi, ICI, Ciba-Geigy and BASF, have attempted to rationalise the classic optimised process by carefully selecting a few dyes from their normal range which, under the recommended conditions of use, are claimed to be so matched in their dyeing properties as to be sufficiently compatible for most purposes irrespective of the proportions in which they are mixed.
The AC-E trio is claimed to have much superior compatibility to a combination of C.I.
Ciba-Geigy does not claim that Tinegal ODs improves compatibility, this being solely a function of the dyes selected.
As with the Serilene RDC dyes described previously, the Serilene V dyes showed high and rapid exhaustion in heavy depths, minimum sensi- tivity to temperature together with the additional advantage of more universal compatibility.
It has shown incompatibility with several drugs like atenolol, oxprenolol, indomethacin, ketoprofen etc.
It is found to be incompatible with atenolol [21], carvedilol [24] and 5-aminosalicylic acid [25].
Interestingly, the two species also have very similar ascospore morphology, but mating incompatibility and genetic distance (Leuchtmann, unpublished data) of E. amarillans and E. sylvatica clearly suggest that they are distinct species.
pinnatum, H. lanatus, and L. perenne) is due to less stringent compatibility requirements.
The existence of hosts that are broadly compatible with MP-I genotypes may help maintain interfertility despite wide genetic diversity and emergence of species such as E. sylvatica.
Sexual compatibility and taxonomy of a new species of EpichloeW symbiotic with ﬁne fescue.
This article is published with open access at Springerlink.com Abstract Yellow mustard (Sinapis alba) has a spo- rophytic self-incompatibility reproduction system.
Similar to B. rapa and B. oleracea, yellow mustard is an obligate outcrossing species due to its sporophytic self-incompatibility.
Thus, the formation of the insoluble com- plexes causes the incompatibility of RispadalTM Liq- uid with tea beverages to reduce the absorption of risperidone.
from an 11 of the SC dihaploid G254 and from Self-compatible crosses between G254 and another sc dihaploid, dihaploid G609.
Euphytica dihaploids and their respective tetraploid compatibility tion of two self-compatible 27.
Otherwise, they are incompatible.
Of the 434 "Good" SM, 382 (88.0%) were "Compatible", whereas 52 (12%) were "Incompati- ble" with CAG images.
The measurements were duplicated using Na2SO4 because of an   incompatibility of Ca2+ ISE with ClO4 .
Thus, for ther- mophytic plants (in particular, for corn), these partic- ular soil cover patterns display the agronomical incompatibility.
Also, all three species were intraspe- cifically compatible, while the hybrid showed very low compatibility which may be due to its low pollen fertili- ty.
The genera Bruguiera and Rhizophora were found to be completely cross incompatible, while a low reciprocal cross compatibility was observed in interspecific crosses between Rhizophora stylosa and R. samoensis.& Introduction Mangroves are very important plant communities on the Fijian sea-shore.
All three species were found to be fully intraspecifi- cally compatible.
Bruguiera gymnorhiza showed inter- specific incompatibility with two other species, Rhizoph- ora samoensis and R. stylosa and their putative hybrid (R. x selala).
R. samoensis and R. stylosa, species of the same genus, showed full intraspecific compatibility and moderate interspecific compatibility.
Interspecific incompatibility between Rhiz- ophora stylosa and Bruguiera gymnorhiza and between Rhizophora samoensis and Bruguiera gymnorhiza can be explained on the basis of nonhomology of chromosomes in the three species.
However, the very low interspecific compatibility between the two species and their hybrid may be due to very low pollen fertility in the hybrid.
The data show that the PVC/EVA blends are not compatible at 45% VAc content in EVA.
DISCUSSION It is evident from our data and observations that the PVC/EVA blends show increased interaction and better compatibility with increasing VAc content in the EVA polymer.
calculated &values, PVC/NBR-1 is expected to be the most compatible and PVC/NBR-3 the least compatible of the three PVC/NBR blends.
Complete compatibility has not been observed for PVC/NBR blends.
Vege- tative compatibility was used to subdivide Australian populations of FOC.
cubense tative compatibility to detect genetically related lines within populations of FOC.
Por ejemplo, el CVaR no es compatible con el modelo de Black-Scholes o el CAPM.
Intra- and inter-population crosses revealed that H. geloto- poeon populations from both regions of Argentina did not present evidence of pre-zyg- otic and post-zygotic incompatibility, suggesting that Tucumán and Córdoba populations of H. gelotopoeon belong to a single wide-ranging species.
(1994) compared repro- ductive compatibility between different African, Indian, Chinese, and Australian populations of H. armigera, suggest- ing that H. armigera exists as a single species over its geograph- ical range.
‘Jacaranda’ had a very good graft compatibility with R. canina, whereas ‘Kardinal’ had only a medium good compatibility.
Combined with the results in this experiment, it was deduced that the hydrolysis processes of BG and WG to B and W were inhibited by compatibility of Rhubarb anthraquinones.
Semi-ﬁeld studies in small cages and release-recapture studies were conducted in an unsprayed apple orchard in South Africa to assess mating compatibility of laboratory-reared cod- ling moth from Canada and wild codling moths from South Africa.
These results suggest that codling moths from Canada and South Africa are fully compatible and indicate that Canadian moths can be used for SIT studies in South Africa.
(2009) suggest that populations of codling moth in other pome fruit production areas also will be compatible with the Canadian and South African moths.
Mating compatibility among populations of coding moth Cydia pomonella (Linnaeus) (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae) from different geographic origins.
Surprisingly, the first two blends selected of asphaltic crudes with paraffinic crudes were found to be incompatible.
However, there are a number of crude pairs that were predicted to be incompatible but found to be compatible.
However, the use of incompatible pesticides may inhibit the development and reproduction of these pathogens, affecting IPM (Malo 1993, Duarte et al.
This was confirmed by Moino Jr. & Alves (1998) that observed a high compatibility of imidacloprid with fipronil for B. bassiana and M. anisopliae, although both formulations contained water dispersible granules.
For Paecilomyces sp., all products in all concentrations were compatible.
Visual compatibility of flucon­ azole with commonly used in­ jectable drugs during simulated Y-sitc administra­ tion.
In­ compatibilities among the various compounds in solu­ tion can produce crystals and block i.v.
Vegetative compatibility within populations of Aspergillus flavus, A. parasiticus, and A. tamarii from a peanut field.
Heterokaryon incompatibil- ity in Aspergillus flavus.
The principal incompatibility prpblem witb mixing giy­ copyrrolate injection witb other injectable products is due to pH.
In diploid fruit tree species that display GSI, outcrosses are classiﬁed into three types: incompatible (parents share both S- haplotypes), semi-compatible (one shared S-haplotype), and fully compatible (no shared S-haplotype).
(2008) reported that 87% of the Japanese plum germplasm grown in Israel contained only four S- haplotypes and this allowed them to focus their search for fully compatible cultivars.
(A) Compatibility and incompatibility between S. lycopersicum and red- and green-fruited wild Solanum species.
They found that, in pear, phosphatidic acid released by phospholipase D (PLD) may, at least initially, mitigate the toxic effects of the S-RNases in the incompatible pollen tube and delay SI signaling that leads to pollen tube death.
S-speciﬁc proteins in styles of self-incompatible Nicotiana alata.
SIPP, a novel mitochondrial phosphate carrier, mediates in self-incompatibility.
Identiﬁcation of self-incompatibility genotypes in some sand pears (Pyrus pyrifolia Nakai) by PCR-RFLP analysis.
DNA-based S- Genotyping of Japanese plum and pluot cultivars to clarify incompatibility relationships.
Genetics of self-compatibility in a self- compatible wild diploid potato species Solanum chacoense.
Genetics of self-compatibility in a self- compatible wild diploid potato species Solanum chacoense.
Gametophytic self-incompatibility causes seedlessness in ‘Kagzi Kalan’ lemon (Citrus limon).
Identiﬁcation of self-(in)compatibility S-alleles and new cross- incompatibility groups in Tunisian apricot (Prunus armeniaca L.) cultivars.
The Papaver rhoeas S determinants confer self-incompatibility to Arabidopsis thaliana in planta.
S-RNase and interspeciﬁc pollen rejection in the genus Nicotiana: multiple pollen rejection pathways contribute to UI between self-incompatible and self-compatible species.
Generation of self- incompatible Arabidopsis thaliana by transfer of two S locus genes from A. lyrata.
Polymorphism of the S-locus glycoprotein gene (SLG) and the S-locus related gene (SLR1) in Raphanus sativus L. and self-incompatible ornamental plants in the Brassicaceae.
eEF1A Is an S- RNase binding factor in self-incompatible Solanum chacoense.
Self-compatible peach (Prunus persica) has mutant versions of the S haplotypes found in self-incompatible Prunus species.
The functionalized polymer PSM is employed as a compatibilizer for PC–ABS0 and PC–ABS–TPPSi (PAPSi for short) blends.
It is found that 5 wt% PSM is enough to provide substantial compatibility for the blends.
Table II indicates as self-incompatible cvs Moongold, Priana, Stella, Sunglo and Sungold.
self-incompatible Finally, a small group of cultivars in Table III were not classified because only data from passive pollination were available and percen tages of fruit set were lower than 3%.
the self-incompatible cultivars described in this paper are being used inten sively in the breeding programmes in Europe because of their resistance to Sharka (Plum 'Stark Early Orange' and 'Stella' pox virus).
Our results showed that 28 of the 91 inter-speciﬁc combinations set no fruit, which means nearly 30% of the combinations were incompatible.
Eriobotrya plants were incompatible with plants from their related genera (R. indica Lindl.
Thus, hybridization incompatibility in E. prinoides is because of stunted pollen tube growth while it reaches the ovary of E. japonica causing hybridization afﬁnity.
However, these species (male) are incompatible with E. deﬂexa and its two variants, E. kwangsiensis and E. elliptica (female) producing ﬂowers, which abscise one week after pollination.
The results suggest that the incompatibility among Eriobotrya inter- speciﬁc hybrids may be caused by gametic incompatibility.
Preliminary study on interspeciﬁc incompatibility between Parthenocissus tricuspidata and P. quinquefolia.
Interspeciﬁc cross-incompatibility between Astragalus adsurgens Pall.
SUMMARY Many plants have a self-incompatibility (SI) system in which the rejection of self-pollen is determined by multiple haplotypes at a single locus, termed S. In the Solanaceae, each haplotype encodes a single ribonu- clease (S-RNase) and multiple S-locus F-box proteins (SLFs), which function as the pistil and pollen SI deter- minants, respectively.
The DSC and FT-IR results indicated that the Aerosil 200, MCC and Carbopol 940 containing binary mixtures were stable, and that there was no incompatibility between aceclofenac and these excipients.
Application of DSC and NIRs to study the compatibility of metronidazole with different pharmaceutical excipients.
Sexual compati bility was observed, however, between an Epichloe gen et symbiotic with Festuca rubra subsp.
comparing compatibility of Viton GF with Viton A and Viton E60C.
We propose that the preferential activation of R7A NodD proteins by differing inducers provides the plant with a further checkpoint for symbiotic compatibility during infection.
Differential scanning calorimetry (DSC), XRD and FT-IR were also used to conﬁrm the compatibility of the CS/PVA blends in the solid state (thin ﬁlms).
The inheritance of modiﬁers conferring self-fertility in the partially self-incompatible perennial, Campanula rapunculoides L. (Campanulaceae).
Transient self-incompatibility confers delayed selﬁng in Leptosiphon jepsonii (Polemoniaceae).
Population differences in self-fertility in the “self-incompatible” milkweed Asclepias exaltata (Asclepiadaceae).
A cryptic modiﬁer causing transient self-incompatibility in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Ginseng Radix ET Rhizoma is compatible with the above TCMs to produce both Qi and Yin and to supply both Qi and body ﬂuid to achieve the eﬀect of balancing Yin and Yang.
The technique was applied to investigate the compatibility of an electron-acceptor molecule, n-butyl9-dicyanomethylene fluorene- 4-carboxylate (BDFC), 1, in six different polymers.
The small molecule 1 was found to be most compatible with halogenated and electron-donating polymers.
It is evident that at high concentration 1 is incompatible with poly- vinyl butyral, polyvinyl carbazole and polycarbonate, how- ever, it is more compatible with polyvinyl chloride copoly- vinylidene chloride - vinylacetate and most compatible with Can.
The small mol- ecule l was found to be more compatible with halogenated polymers than with polyesters of polyvinyl carbazole.
This behaviour can be attributed to increased compatibility between PP and MCC ﬁ- bres with PP-g-MA providing added molecular anchorage between the PP and MCC ﬁbres.
It is concluded that PTBF acts as a compatible plasticizer in PMMA/PTBF blends and, because of changed morphology, improves the elongation of blend films compared to pure PMMA.
The media compatibility is high, with Twitter being slightly more positive.
The application potential of P(St-co-MMA)- g-RGO was evaluated by investigating electrical conductivity (s) and compatibility for graphene-lled CPCs.
Moreover, P(St-co-MMA)-g-RGO could obviously enhance the compatibility reected by the great reduction of size of the dispersed phase, for an example, by nearly one order of magnitude for PS/PMMA (4/1 in volume) blends, owing to the fact that the modied RGO can exhibit strong interactions with both PS and PMMA phases to enhance their interfacial adhesion.
Copolymer-graed RGO ach- ieves an excellent combination of superior high conductivity and large aspect ratio of graphene and compatibility of graed copolymers, thereby holding enormous potential for applica- tions in CPCs and other elds.
For example, CD players from Sony and Philips are compatible because both players can play the same CDs.
Thus, as a result of the negative uncertainty effect of cross-generation compatibility, CBS’s color televi- sion technology soon failed in the market.
The loss of CBS color television to RCA color televi- sion highlights the importance of being compatible with previous-generation products (B&W televisions) in strong NE markets.
In contrast, cross-generation incompatibility has helped Logitech gain a pioneer advantage in the digital camera market, in which the strength of NE is relatively low because consumers can share their photos easily through common file formats (e.g., JPEG).
The significant product differentiation resulting from cross-generation incompatibility has helped Logitech rede- fine consumers’ preferences in the digital and online image market.
From the 9,900 possible combinations, I 1 proved to be compatible in the sense outlined under “METHODS.” From these 1 1 , five were found to be willing to co- operate with the experiment.
Thus, although the S. frugiperda populations showed variability in the timing of reproduction, the populations were not reproductively incompatible, which indicated that geographic distance has not led to reproductive isolation in corn-strain populations of S. frugiperda in Mexico.
(1999) identified three possible S. frugiperda populations in corn (central Mexico, the Pacific Coast, and the Gulf of Mexico) that demonstrated lack of reproductive compatibility.
(2008) also did not detect reproductive incompatibility among S. frugiperda populations from northern Argentina, although some incompatibility was observed between the northern populations and one from the northeast (Buenos Aires).
Fitness and mating compatibility of Spodoptera frugi- perda (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae) populations from different host plant spe- cies and regions in Argentina.
The urgency of the problem of electromagnetic compatibility is largely determined by the fact that, at pulsed currents of tens of kiloamperes and voltages exceeding several hundred kilovolts, low-power and low-voltage microelectronic elements are used in EPFs, without which modern EPFs cannot be created.
Second, the blend containing 30% P46 became a compatible system after 60 min of blending at 260°C.
Chlorate-resistant, nitrate-nonutilizing (nit) mutants were used to determine vegetative compatibility among 191 isolates of Forl collected in five geographic regions (Calabria, Emilia- Romagna, Liguria, Sardinia, Sicily) in Italy.
After 4 days' incubation at 278C, randomly chosen colonies with morphological characteristics of F. oxysporum were subcultured individually on PDA, without single- sporing, and used for vegetative compatibility and pathogenicity testing.
Nitrate-non-utilizing mutants of Gibberella zeae (Fusarium graminearum) and their use in determining vegetative compatibility.
Heterokaryon self- incompatibility in Gibberella fujikuroi (Fusarium monili- forme).
We found that the H2-TNTs exhibited better biocompatibility than the air-TNT and Ti groups.
Due to the nanotopography of the TNTs and superhydrophilic surface induced by hydrogenation, the cell compatibility of the H2-TNTs was improved.
are diverse, encompassing modified bifac torial and unifactorial species, as well as species with compatibility controlled at one locus with two alleles.
Pairing incompatibility and other distinctions among Hirschioporus (Polyporus) abietinus, H. fuscoviolaceus and H. laracinus.
Herein, in order to research the effect of polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) on the physical compatibility and mechanical performance of aluminum (Al)-molybdenum trioxide (MoO3) mechanically activated energetic composites, dissipative particle dynamics (DPD) was applied to calculate the miscibil- ity among Al, MoO3 and PTFE.
The physical compatibility of Al- MoO3 is poor.
In order to research the effect of PTFE on the physical compatibility of Al-MoO3 mechanically activated energetic composites, Al-PTFE-MoO3 were mixed and added into the high-energy mill according to a certain ratio of 6:2:2.
Hence, the physical compatibility between PTFE and Al-MoO3 is good.
Therefore, increasing PTFE content can improve the compatibility of Al-MoO3 obviously.
Increasing PTFE content can improve the compatibility of Al-MoO3 obviously.
Association of mycotoxin and sclerotia production with compatibility groups in Aspergillus flavus from peanut in Argentina.
A. flavus has no sexual stage; however, some of its variability can be examined by sorting isolates into vegetative compatibil- ity groups (VCGs).
Heterokaryon self-incompatibility (HSI) isolates already have been noticed in A. flavus (22,32) and also in other species, such as Fusarium oxysporum.
An evaluation of Fusarium oxysporum from cru- cifers based on pathogenicity, isozyme poly- morphism, vegetative compatibility, and geo- graphic origin.
Heterokaryon self-incompatibility in Gibberella fujikuroi (Fusarium moniliforme).
Vege- tative compatibility groupings in a local population of Fusarium oxysporum.
Vege- tative compatibility within populations of Aspergillus flavus, A. parasiticus, and A. tamarii from a peanut field.
Asso- ciation of morphology and mycotoxin produc- tion with vegetative compatibility groups in A. flavus, A. parasiticus and A. tamarii.
Heterokaryon incompatibil- ity in Aspergillus flavus.
With regard to the ecological signiﬁcance of the presented results, the integration of I. degenerans in IPM programmes seems to be compatible with a high number of RRIs, some of which have been used successfully to control key pests such as whiteﬂies, aphids and moths, which are not among the target prey species of the predator.
Etoposide was considered incompatible with the PVC containers if DEHP was detected in the etoposide solutions.
PS/VYHH systems show the incompatible nature of the blends regardless of the method of blending.
Melt-mixed blends of VYHH/SAN give mixed results; blends are only compatible when the 1478 DAS AND BANERJEE REFERENCES 1 2.
In order to make the cloning and protein puriﬁcation compatible with the cur- rent NESG platform, the pTSHQn vector (based on the Promega Riboprobe System Vector pSP64) was subjected to several modiﬁcations.
Overall, the TiO2-coated PEEK compatibility.
- : : : Cephalothin Sddiiini After adding 4 mL sterile water, solu- tions have pH of 5.2 Not compatible with D 5%/W compounds of high molecular weight or with alkaline earth metals.
Incompatible; -1-4.80 cephalothin stable from pH 4.0 to 7.0.
Magnesium sulfate 1.5 meq/L and sodium bicarbonate 50 meq/L were physically compatible in a pharmacy­ compounded hemofiltration solution for 48 hours when stored at 22–25 °C without protection from light.
However, the use of bicarbonate increases the risk of incompatibility with divalent cations, such as calcium and magne- sium.
The compatibility between L. chapmanii and two insect growth regulators (IGR), diﬂubenzuron and neem oil, was eval- uated.
Europe also developed a similar standard to AMPS called the Total Access Communication System (TACS).In addition to TACS, Countries in Europe had different incompatible standards at different frequencies for analog Cellular, including the Nordic Mobile Telephone (NMT) standard in Scandanavia, the Radiocom 2000(RC 2000) standard in France and the C-450 standard in Germany and Portugal [2] [3].
It is also compatible with other enhancement technologies such as smart antennas and MIMO.
Thus, P is compatible with P 1, .
Then combine pueraria ﬂavanone and Sanqi qanax notoginseng par- enteral solution (v:v, 1:1), the solution was used as GGSQ compatibility solution (contain pueraria ﬂavanone 10.8 mg/mL and Sanqi panax notoginseng 5.4 mg/mL).
Although the number of replications of experiments with OMMI and pinitol was small (due to the small amount of substance available), it was obvious that these two com- pounds can be also regarded as compatible solutes.
The compatibility of CS and PVP also can be explained by the RDF of the ZHOCH2 groups of CS in the neighbourhood of the ZCvO of PVP relatively.
Conversely, CI shows incompatibility with EPDM and remains as a separate phase in the mix.
The photomicrographs obtained from both SEM and AFM studies and the Tg value predicted from DMA results indicate that HC tackiﬁer are compatible with EPDM vulcanizate.
Conclusions HC tackiﬁer has been found fully compatible with vulcanized EPDM rubber even at higher concentration (32 wt%), whereas CI tackiﬁer becomes heterogeneous with EPDM when the concen- tration exceeds 2 wt%.
Brinkman and col- leagues4 tried to improve the blood compatibility of 631 632 KWON ET AL.
This indicates the mul- tiphase system in both STR5L/EPDM and STR5L/ BEPDM blends, and thus they are incompatible.
From rheological and thermal analyses it can therefore be concluded that both NR/EPDM and NR/ BEPDM blends are thermodynamically incompatible.
Hyoscine N-butyl bromide was found to be compatible when combined in infusion solutions with fentanyl [23], diamorphine, octreotide [24], or morphine hydrochloride [25].
Studies have shown that TiO2 nanotubes can enhance the blood compatibility.
The results from XRD, DSC and SEM demonstrate that ACY had good compati- bility with PAN and was able to distributed evenly within the polymer fiber matrix.
Therefore, potentially compatible miticides (bifenazate, hexythiazox, spiromesifen, acequinocyl, etoxazole, and clofentezine) identiÞed in laboratory trials were also evaluated in a greenhouse study and found to be compatible with leafminer biocontrol.
Abamectin compatibility with the leafminer parasitoid Diglyphus isaea.
DNDA-5 has been found as incompatible when it is mixed with t-GAP.
by 10 glass transition temperature, DNDA-5 and DNDA-57 are equally compatible with PLN.
The experimental thermal studies by means of decomposition temperature (Tmax) revealed that the ener- getic binders PGN, PLN and GAP are compatible with DNDA-5.
The Semi-Interpenetrating Polymer Networks(Semi-IPNs) of poly(methyl methyacrylate/ ethyl acrylate)(P(MMA/EA)) and polyurethane thermoplastic elastomer (PU) were synthesized by PU and copolymer of methyl methacrylate and ethyl acrylate to improve the compatibility of polymethyl methacrylate(PMMA) and PU Semi-IPNs .
Sperling [6] thoroughly investigated the compatibilization for the Semi-IPNs based on cross-linked PU and PS in the presence of 2-Hydroxyethyl methacrylate (HEMA) and Oligourethane dimethacrylate(OUDM).
possible incompatibility are generated by the presence of reactive hydroxyl groups which are present in two of the used excipients (Sorb and Man), groups that can react, in the presence of HCl with secondary amine group, to gen- erate condensation products.
The the land use permit that his operat i on was in­ compatible with established users.
The hypothesis that the isolated populations of mussels differ in their physiological host–parasite compatibility according to the site-speciﬁc composition of ﬁsh assem- blages was tested.
Discussion We diagnosed the sources of variability in the host–afﬁl- iate relationships of the endangered unionid bivalve U. crassus through individual experimental host compati- bility testing, which indicated the presence of different management units within a single river basin.
Acknowledgements The Agency for Nature Conservation and Landscape Protection of the Czech Republic and the South Bohemian Regional Authority granted their Host compatibility and management units 1093 permission (00464/BN/2007, 03225/CK/2008, KUJCK 22217/2007) for the capture and manipulation of U. crassus and P. phoxinus.
In spite that both services do not produce and consume their mes- sages in the same order, the two asynchronous services are fully	 compatible.
Thus, self-compatible mutants have been explored for use in agricultural production, particularly in self- incompatible commercial fruit tree species.
Due to the fact that EVA and alumina are chemically incompatible causing obvious phase J. Zec et al.
In order to study the compatibility of the AlN at high ni- trogen concentration in liquid lithium, Li3N was added to lithium tested at 823 K without getter materials.
compatibility have been evaluated, including direct use of natural mac- romolecules and modification of synthetic materials.
Cabbage hybrids, which clearly present heterosis vigor, are widely used in cabbage production, and self-incompatible (SI) lines and male-sterile (MS) tools for utilizing cabbage heterosis.
Self-compatible (SC) lines facilitate cabbage hybrid seed production by two aspects.
Latent S alleles are widespread in cultivated self-compatible Brassica napus.
Gene conversion from SLG to SRK resulting in self-compatibility in Brassica rapa.
Novel self-compatible lines of Brassica rapa L. isolated from the Japanese bulk-populations.
Generation of self- incompatible Arabidopsis thaliana by transfer of two S locus genes from A. lyrata.
Heterokaryon incompatibility chliobolus in the plant pathogenic fungus Co- heterostrophus.
2006) and a modiﬁer locus, located outside the S-locus, has been proposed to be involved in self-incompatibility in almond (P. amygdalus; Ferna´ndez i Martı´ et al.
In the Solanaceae and Plantaginaceae, self- compatibility has been observed to occur on pollination with heteroallelic S-pollen (Golz et al.
attacking floriculture crops grown in North Carolina and to char- acterize these isolates based on their me- fenoxam sensitivity and compatibility type.
Isolates of P. nicotia- nae collected from African violet at one location in 2001 and 2002 (groups 5 and 6) had the same compatibility type and sensi- tivity to mefenoxam.
All chimeras were infectious in N. clevelandii indicating that, in spite of the quite high divergence between the PPV-R and C strains (78.6% nucleotide and 88.5% amino acid identi- ties), their products are compatible in a fully susceptible host.
The results show that genetic determinants in the 6K2+NIa region of PPV-SwCM are not compatible with virus infection in the restrictive hosts A. thaliana and C. foetidum.
All together, the results reported here suggest that the mecha- nism of resistance to PPV-C in the restrictive hosts is mainly triggered by the incompatibility of NIa (VPg+Pro) with specific host factors.
Previous research has determined that S. homoeocapra has any- where from three to 20 vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs) within localized geographic ranges in the Uni- ted States.
Using Nelson’s criteria for compatibility, each of the seven attractions was found to be com- patible with the zoo.
Six of the attractions were highly compatible (sharing 11–20% of visitors) with the zoo.
Members of each h—c group are fully compatible with each other and vegetatively incompatible with members of other groups.
from these diploids, were analysed for heterokaryon compatibility.
Protoplast fusion and the isolation of heterokaryons and diploids from vegetatively incompatible strains of Aspergillus nidulans, FEMS Micro- biol.
Heterokaryon compatibility of closely related wild isolates of .Aspergillus nidulans.
Heterokaryon incompatibility and variation in wild popu- lations of Aspergillus nidulans.
On the basis of the TGA and FTIR-PAS results, it can be concluded that there exists some degree of partial compatibility in EBU/PS blends.
From the intrinsic viscosity, relative viscosity, reduced viscosity, and density measurements the PVC=StCn and SAN=StCn blends were found to be compatible while PS=StCn blend was found to be incompatible.
Hence from relative viscosity and intrinsic viscosity studies, PMMA=StCn, PVC=StCn, and SAN=StCn blend systems were found to be compatible and the PS=StCn system was found to be incompatible.
From this simple experimental technique it was observed that binary blends of StCn and synthetic polymers PMMA, SAN, and PVC are compatible whereas those with PS are incompatible.
Thus, it can be concluded that starch cinnamate is compatible with the synthetic polymers, which are polar in nature (PVC, PMMA and SAN), but incompatible with PS, which is a non-polar polymer.
This may be due to the better compatibility between SAN and StCn.
CONCLUSIONS The PVC=StCn and SAN=StCn blends were found to be compatible and PS=StCn incompatible from the experimental results of visco- metric and density measurements.
Thus, it can be concluded that starch cin- namate is compatible with the synthetic polymers, which are polar in nature (PVC, PMMA and SAN), but incompatible with PS, which is a non-polar polymer.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Colletotrichum coccodes subpopulations from Australia and genetic links with subpopulations from Europe/Israel and North America.
Vegetative compatibility of 94 isolates of Colletotrichum coccodes from Australia originating from potato, soil, and a weed (Solanum esuriale) was tested using nitrate-nonutilizing (nit) mutants.
Nit M tester mutants of the previously assigned EU/I VCGs (24) were used to determine vegetative compatibility between EU/I VCGs and the Australian (AUS) and NA VCGs.
Vegetative compatibility among isolates of Colletotrichum gloeosporioides from almond in Israel.
Aggressiveness of Verticillium dahliae isolates from different vegetative compatibility groups to potato and tomato.
Additional vegetative compatibility groups in Colletotrichum coccodes subpopu- lations from Europe and Israel.
The HPLC data illustrated that different compatibility of medicinal herbs has different contents.
Aztreonam and vancomy­ cin hydrochloride were con­ siderably less compatible and stable in the high-concentra­ tion admixtures than in the low;Concentration ones.
Conclusion Aztreonam 4 mg/mL and vancomycin 1 mg/mL (as the hydrochloride salt) were compatible and stable in 5% dextrose injection for 31 days at 4 °C, 14 days at 23 °C, and 7 days at 32 °C and were compatible and stable in 0.9% sodium chloride injection for 31 days at 4 and 23 °C and for 7 days at 32°C.
Aztreonam 40 mg/mL and vancomycin 10 mg/mL (as the hydrochloride salt) were incompatible in the diluents tested.
Aztreonam-vancomycin incompatibility.
Because Argus products bring about com plete compatibility among the ingredients in the mix, these boots are now being produced speedily in quantity.
METHOD OF ARGUMENT The method to be used to make an argument for an es sential compatibility is founded in the observation that to day's advertising regulation has its origins in a law called caveat emptor, which established freedom of speech in the marketplace, and which was created out of the same philo sophical background as was the First Amendment's guaran tee of freedom of speech.
Accordingly it is expected that the AlN–BN specimens and boron nitride specimens impurities against lithium have good compatibility with lithium.
The technique is demonstrated with two systems: deuterated poly(styrene)/poly(methyl methacrylate) which are incompatible and deuterated poly(styrene)/poly(vinyl methyl ether) which are compatible.
by varying the strains subject to compatibility.
Most of ther- mal profiles of mixtures can be considered as a superposition of DSC and TG curves of pure captopril and excipients evidencing the absence of incompati- bility between CAP with different forms of celluloses, ethylcellulose and methylcellulose.
According to our experiences, XRPD did not ev- idence incompatibility between CAP and the used ex- cipients since the diffraction peaks of CAP remained unaltered in the physical mixtures.
Based on the results of DSC/TG, XRPD and FTIR, majority of the excipients were found to be compatible with CAP.
The AFT results implied a stable and compatible mixture of 2% bio-asphalt.
4) Treated bio-oil, containing limited quantities of water, can be successfully used as a modiﬁer in petroleum-based asphalt with good compatibility with petroleum-based asphalt.
Further, it has been observed that petroleum asphalt and bio-oil have a good compatibility when the bio-oil content is low.
So far incompatibility reactions in AMF have only been reported for G. mosseae (Giovannetti et al.
The results indicated that the compatibility of CNC and PLLA is very ﬁne.
In addition, it has been shown that NaCl produces a small effect on the gelatine-methylcellulose compatibility.
it was possible Gelatine-methylcellulose compatibility 17 Flg.
As a result, the gelatine- methylcellulose compatibility in the isoionic conditions under the effect of 0.5 M NaCl increases only slightly.
INTRODUCTION Chitosan, which is known as a natural, biocompatible, almost non- toxic, biodegradable, and bioactive polymer, has recently found many ap- plications in various fields.
The ﬁnal design is fully MR-compatible and has been successfully tested on guinea pigs.
19.11 Conclusions P. ﬂuorescens were compatible with the macerated tissues of different biofumigant crops, cabbage, cauliﬂower, mustard, and onion, in different concentrations in vitro.
These findings indicate that 5-fluorouracil is compatible with and available from total parenteral solutions of hypertonic dextrose and amino acid in both plastic and glass containers.
When the amount of high-viscosity PMMA varied from 10 to 20 wt %, the morphology of the ABS binary blends varied from poor to satisfactory compatibility.
SMA, as a compatibilizer, improved the interfacial adhesiveness of ABS and PMMA, which results in PMMA having good dispersion in the matrix.
In this case, SMA was used to enhance the compatibility of ABS/PMMA blends.
A small amount of SMA was induced to further improve the thermal properties, and at the same time it also enhanced the compatibility of ABS/PMMA blends.
It has been well established in the preceding discus- sion that ABS has poor compatibility with a low content of PMMA.
Fall armyworm populations from the north of the country showed no incompatibility among populations.
KEY WORDS fall armyworm, reproductive compatibility, strain, isolation Within-species variation associated with different host plant preferences is common in polyphagous in- sect species.
Studies of interstrain hybridization and compatibil- ity have been conducted to determine the taxonomic status of the strains.
This study also showed that the poly-butadiene (PBD) is compatible with unsaturated polyester (UP), but not with epoxy (E).
In this study, the compatibility between Be12Ti and Li2TiO3 was investigated.
The compatibility between Be and Li2TiO3 was also investigated for the comparison with the case of Be12Ti.
The compatibility between Be and Li2TiO3 was also investigated for comparison.
Solutions containing multivitamins revealed no evidence of physical incompatibility with bicarbonate.
PLA/At-lignin biocomposites embrace better interfacial compatibility, which is ascribed to the hydrogen bonding interaction.
Many combinations showed evidence of incompatibil- ity at various study times.
We find that OrthoRep is compatible with a wide range of S. cerevisiae strains, including standard lab strains (e.g.
Ryton thermal in the Rotary Fluid Management Device barriers ammonia (RFMD) catalyzed a reaction between the and normally compatible materials, such as 6061-T6 aluminum.
The insecticides abamectin and imidacloprid were highly compatible with M. anisopliae; thiamethoxam was compatible, whereas azadirachtin and L-cyahalothrin were toxic to the fungus, adversely aﬀecting vegetative growth and sporulation.
Abamectin has also been reported to be compatible with entomo- pathogenic fungi (Tamai et al.
The starch was crosslinked using epichlo- rohydrin to improve the compatibility of starch with PLA.
The SEM pictures indicated that the compatibility of PLA and starch molecules was poor.
The SEM pictures indicated that the compatibility of PLA and starch molecules was poor.
The speculation for this ﬁnding is the incompatibility of the hydrophilic non-modi- ﬁed starch molecules with the hydrophobic PLA molecules.
The compatibility between hydrophilic starch and hydrophobic PLA was improved by crosslinking using the epichlorohydrin.
The starch was crosslinked using epichlorohydrin to improve the compatibility of starch with PLA.
The SEM pictures indicated that the compatibility of PLA and starch molecules was poor.
Addition of glycerin can change the compatibility of PLA and starch.
Conclusions The compatibility of Intropin and the following additives in dextrose 5% has been established: heparin sodium, lido- caine hydrochloride, oxacillin sodium, neutral cephalothin References 1.
This is not achieved by seeking to create a balance between the two political projects, as ventured by the compatibilists Kymlicka and Shachar.
weeks of incubation, and is compatible only with the' rubber' strain of P. palmivora.
Table 2 also shows that in addition to falling in group I and heing heterothallic, cultures 38 and 40 differ from P. meadii in being compatible with the ' cacao' strain of P. palmioora.
Surface modiﬁcation was conducted to improve the water compatibility of ␥-LiAlO2.
Cross compatibility in interspeciﬁc hybridization of eggplant, Solanum melongena, with its wild relatives.
The formation of O=S=O group over S-atom increases the molecular polarity of SCCs while improving the polarity compatibility between DBTO2 and HBDs.
The synchrotron XRD investigations conﬁrm that FC-SBCO and CGO have good chemical compatibility.
The combination of clindamycin phosphate 900 mg, gentamicin sulfate 80 mg, and cefazolin sodium I gin D5W 100 ml was found to be compatible for up to 4 hours.
La combinaci6n de 900 mg de fosfato de c1indamicina, 80 mg sulfato de gentamicina, y I g cefazolina s6dica en 100 ml D5W fue compatible por un periodo maximo de 4 horas.
La duraci6n de la compatibilidad de estas tres drogas en 100 ml de NaCI 0.9% fue de 12 horas.
cytonuclear incompatibilities Dobzhansky–Muller can generally be directly studied by the transplacement of mitochon- dria from one species to mutants lacking mitochondrial DNA (ρ0) from a second species, according to the restoration of the ability to respire and grow on a non-fermentable carbon source.
Clear and strong cytonuclear incompatibility has been observed only between S. cerevisiae and S. bayanus, where additional Dobzhansky–Muller pairs have been reported (Chou et al., 2010).
This result indicated that 0.96BT-0.04BCW ceramics have good chemical compatibility with Ag.
PS is hydrophobic, and PHS is hydrophilic due to the hydroxyl group, but PS and PHS are fairly compatible for the similarity in their molecular structures.
Thus, the compatibility of PMMA with special copolymers of styrene and acrylonitrile is explained by an intramolecular repulsion within the copoly- mer between the two comonomers styrene and acrylonitrile.
Taking into account certain steric prerequisiteqone can even obtain compatible blends lacking exo- thermic interaction.
INTRODUCTION Different polymer species are generally considered incompatible with one another.
Whilst the miscibility between PS and PVMe is conveniently explained by charge-transfer interaction, the reason for PVDF/PMMA compatibility is assumed to be dipol-dipol interaction or hydro- gen bridging').
Similarly the compatibility of PVC-polycaprolacton blends is attributed to hydrogen bonding, too.
Thus it had been known for quite some time that PMMA is incompatible with polyacrylonitrile as well as with polystyrene.
By contrast the copolymer of styrene with acrylonitrile (SAN) is found to be compatible with PMMA.
To start with it has been known that polystyrene is not compatible with PMMA12’.
Polystyrene and polycyclohexyl methacrylate are perfectly compatible in the entire temperature range between 0 and 250 OC.
4 Glass transition temperature of polystyrene/polycyclohexyl (methlacrylate blends as a function of blend composition 56 Additional investigations showed that polycyclohexyl methacrylate and polycyclohexyl acrylate are compatible with poly-a-methylstyrene'4) and with poly-p-methylstyrene in the entire range of composition and up to 250 OC.
They attributed the low egghatch to reduced fertility of the A. hendersonifemales and not to interspecific incompatibility.
The low fertility observed in this cross ap-pears to be the result of a combination of the in-trinsically low fertility of A. hendersoni under lab-oratory conditions and interspecific incompatibility.When Fi males from the preceding cross werebackcrossed to A. hendersoni females, the femaleand egg fertility were again reduced.
Unidirectionalreproductive incompatibility between Aedes (Pro-tomacleaya) brelandi and A.
However, post-dispersal and abiotic 42 factors revealed that different host compatibilities and levels of light incidence in 43 different habitats affected the survival of D. pentandra seedlings.
It seems that the host-mistletoe compatibility, bird 339 preference, and seed dispersal directly influenced the spatial distribution of D. 340 pentandra, as explained below.
Moreover, additional post-dispersal processes, such as different host 450 compatibilities and canopy cover in different forest communities, affected the survival 451 of D. pentandra seedlings during the species’ early life.
The compatibility of meropenem was evaluated at refrigeration and room temperature over 14 days and at body temperature over 24 hours.
In this study, compatibility of nitrocellulose with two aniline-based compounds, viz, N-(2-methoxyethyl)- p-nitroaniline (MENA) and N-(2-acetoxyethyl)-p-nitroaniline (ANA), and their respective eutectic (MENA + ANA) has been investigated by nonthermal techniques (FTIR and XRD) and thermal techniques (DSC and VST according to STANAG 4147 requirements).
MENA was found to be compatible with NC.
The MENA stabilizer was found to be compatible with NC.
Wolbachia strain wMel induces cytoplasmic incompatibility and blocks dengue transmission in Aedes albopictus.
Cardinium symbionts cause cytoplas- mic incompatibility in spider mites.
Infection density of Wolbachia and incompatibility level in two planthopper species, Laodelphax striatellus and Sogatella furcifera.
In contrast to the above, the current paper demonstrates that the REE with aggregate signals exists universally, and also is Pareto eﬃcient and incentive compatible.
Since it is self-incompatible, it depends on cross-fertilization to set fruit.
The low yield of the European pear in Israel may be due to the lack of compatible pollen as a result of S-allele semi-compatibility between the cultivars.
Although our ®ndings support the conjecture that low yield of European pear could be a consequence of semi-compatibility, other factors, such as environmental conditions, bee behaviour and genetic attributes of the cultivars could also be involved in reducing yield.
S-proteins control rejection 367, of incompatible pollen in Petunia in¯ata.
Identi®cation of self-incompatibility related glycoproteins in styles of apple (Malus domestica).
This further conﬁrms that BiCu2VO6 is chemical compatible with Ag electrodes.
However, GRT can- not be added to polar matrices like poly(vinyl chloride) (PVC) due to lack of compatibility.
Since chlorination of GRT generates perma- nent dipoles in polymer molecules, it is expected that chlorinated GRT (Cl-GRT) will be compatible with plasticized PVC.
It is deduced that TiAl and the ceramics examined are compatible.
Islam and liberal democracy are incompatible .
hydrolytic light In view of the 20°C above the maximum fluids was investigated in a temperature The compatibility HFA-S of materials in the various .
Ciprofloxacin lactate appears to be incompatible with solutions containing mezlocil­ lin at the concentrations tested.
The compatibility between gelatin and PVA in the blend ﬁ lms was investigated.
This was probably because of the strong interaction between molecules of Gel and PVA at the ratio, which may improve the compatibility between Gel and PVA in the blend ﬁ lm.
Compared with the alternative piezoelectric ceramics, PVDF can also be mixed with several additive materials with good compatibility.
This demonstrates compatibility between crown and rootstock and the possibility of using this combination in commercial planting for net melon.
In the greenhouse, this male parent was just as self-compatible as it was cross-compatible.
All of the self-compatible Pl plants set as many seeds by selfing as by crossing, whereas.the self-incompatiMes set practically none.
This was in part the effect of manipulation bringing pseudo- self-compatibility into expression with those plants classified as self- incompatible.
The compatibility analysis has been performed by using different HTF´s: air, the so-called Solar Salt (60%w NaNO3 and 40%w KNO3) from SQM and, the synthetic oil Syltherm 800® from The Dow Chemical Company.
Self-compatible heterostylous species are of interest for at least three reasons.
Controlled crosses in two populations revealed high levels of self-compatibility with only small reductions in seed set upon selfing.
Interpreting the evolution of floral heteromorphism and incompatibility in this family is further complicated by evidence for the possible existence of cryptic incompatibility in D. verticillatus.
Intramorph and intermorph compatibility in tristylous populations of Decodon uerticillatus (Lythraceae).
Like other species in the Rosaceae family, the European plum exhibits gametophytic self-incompatibility.
This means that there is wide variation in the self-fertility of genotypes of European plum and some are completely self-incompatible (Nyéki and Szabó, 1996; Szabó, 2003; Neumüller, 2010).
The compatibility of some elastomeric materials with biodiesel has been investigated using FTIR.
Results showed that fluorocarbon O-ring has the best compatibility with all the fuels tested.
Fluorosilicone O-rings were also compatible with all of the fuels tested with the exception of hexanol.
Pathogenicity tests of the asco- spore progeny derived from crosses of field isolates and host-specific testers revealed that none of the ascospore progeny were as virulent as the parents, despite showing compatible reactions with both rice and finger millet cultivars.
Cross-incompatibility among Indian isolates of Pyricularia grisea.
The combinations of dihydralazine and metamizole proved to be incompatible as dihydralazine concentration decreased immediately and considerably.
Currently, little is known about the compatibility of dihydralazine.
Discussion The analyses of combinations of dihydralazine and metamizole indicate that the drugs are highly incompatible due to the considerable decrease that occurred in the quantity of dihydralazine.
Due to the high reactivity of dihydralazine and the apparent ability of metamizole to liberate formaldehyde, further incompatibilities may exist for other combinations of both drugs.
Discussion The analyses of combinations of dihydralazine and metamizole indicate that the drugs are highly incompatible due to the considerable decrease that occurred in the quantity of dihydralazine.
Due to the high reactivity of dihydralazine and the apparent ability of metamizole to liberate formaldehyde, further incompatibilities may exist for other combinations of both drugs.
These ﬁndings demonstrate that dihydralazine and metamizole are highly incompatible as a result of reactions between the two drugs.
In order to assess whether soil application of C. minitans can be combined with fertilizer application during cultivation of oilseed rape, a study was conducted to determine the compatibility of C. minitans with commercial N–P–K compound fertilizer.
It is demonstrated that C. minitans is compatible with the compound fertilizer when applied at planting of oilseed rape.
These results suggest that use of C. minitans to manage SSR is compatible with the application of the N–P–K compound fertilizer in cultivation of oilseed rape in central China.
5a, Gr–NiTi exhibits a low fibrinogen/albumin ratio relative to pristine NiTi, suggesting better hemo-compatibility arising from graphene.
Evidence of incompatibility between a herbicidc FREEMAN, and insecticides in direct-seeded cabbage.
Incompatibilities between herbicides and insecti- FREEMAN, cides in direct-seeded brassica crops.
Poly(4-methylstyrene)/1,4-PI blend was turned out to be immiscible at all temperature range adopted in this work and poly(4-ethylstyrene)/1,4-PI blend revealed UCST type phase behavior, while the others were found to be compatible.
PC3St_222/1,4-PI_12 blend is compatible in range of 10 to 200 nm.
The Ellipse and the Mi- crospacer appeared to be the least compatible.
For the M. fruc- ticola isolates, ﬁve vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs) were identiﬁed using the nit mutants and six VCGs were identiﬁed when they were grown on potato dextrose agar dishes.
VCGs for M. fructicola have been described in apothecia (41.4 % incompatibility) and on blighted blossoms (96.2 % incompatibility) that were collected from the San Joaquin Valley of California (Free et al.
We found that the vegetatively compatible M. fructicola isolates came from the Alfarras and Sudanell or- chards at different sampling dates.
The results of our investigation, which is the ﬁrst to study the vegetative compatibility of M. fructicola using nit mutants, support the notion that the geographical location of the study orchards in the Ebro Valley exerts a strong inﬂuence on the composition of the VCGs of M. fructicola.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Colletotrichum coccodes subpopulations from Australia and ge- netic links with subpopulations from Europe/Israel and North America.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Cercospora kikuchii, the causal agent of Cercospora leaf blight and purple seed stain in soybean.
Genetic variability of Cercospora coffeicola from organic and conventional coffee plantings, characterized by vegetative compatibility.
Classiﬁcation of strains of Fusarium oxysporum on the basis of vegetative compatibility.
The type III secretion system of Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA122 mediates symbiotic incompatibility with Rj2 soybean plants.
Unlike the European case, those standards were de- veloped to be backward compatible with the AMPS standard by using the same channel bandwidth of 30 kHz.
The EPI dianhydride is expected to render biocompatibility to the corresponding PIs, while its non-symmetric and bulky character combined with diamine moiety peculiarities is expected to generate an intrinsic porosity to the resulting PI films/mem- branes.
Malay identity in music was codified through transcription and publication of melodies, and its potential compatibility with European music was explored through the production of exoticist works based on Malay themes.
For is incompatible with amylopectin under isoionic conditions.
(1992) have shown that Taking into account the known geographic distri- bution of P. dignus in Argentina, where regional populations are very likely isolated to each other, thus potentially subjected to different selection pressures, our hypothesis is that there will exist certain degree of reproductive incompatibility and morphological vari- ation.
Outcrossing experiments were performed to deter- mine reproductive compatibility between BA and SA, and between BA and RN populations.
Local populations from RN and BA provinces in spite of exhibiting morphological differences were highly compatible reproductively.
Paul and his coworkers [22] synthesized a terpolymer of (methyl meth- acrylate)–(glycidyl methacrylate)–(ethyl acrylate) (MGE) to compatibilize PBT/acrylonitrile–butadiene–styrene (ABS) blends.
However, Groeninckx and his coworker [19] found that sc of PET is established experimentally at 0.1 lm, identical for the different GMA compatibilized blend systems.
PHFA was found to be compatible with bisphenol A poly- carbonate, poly(buty1 methacrylate), and poly(2,6dimethyl-l,4-phenylene oxide).''
Several theories have been proposed to account for the “Xanker compatibil- ity eVect”.
It indicates that the novel LiBOB-based electrolyte shows better compatibility with LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 active materials than the usually preferred LiPF6-based electrolyte.
The compatibility of several of these solutes with glutamine synthetase activity has been examined using cell-free extracts from a range of freshwater, marine and halotolerant cyanobacteria.
The plastic materials which showed the best compatibility to the bio-oil blend were the barrier plastics polypropylene sulfide (PPS), polyethylene terephthalate (PET or Mylar™), and polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE or Teflon™).
In fact, the analysis indicates that PTFE is actually more compatible with bio-oil than diesel fuel.
For example, PVDF was much more compatible with gasoline-ethanol blends than with bio-oil.
Intrastock mating compatibility studies using progeny from two collections demonstrated a tetrapolar mating system for P. tuberregium.
However, mar' and mcrr conditions and show variable degrees of sexual compatibility as measured in terms of number of fertile perithecia.
Qucs is full compatible with spice models.
Moreover, quiniforme (500 mg: 500 ml) and quinimax (400 mg in either 250 or 500 ml) in a 5% dextrose solution are compatible with the Macoﬂex bags when stored for 8 h at room temperature and ambient light for 48 or 72 h at 4°C, or for a 4-day period at 45°C without protection from light.
We suggest that the high cross compatibility observed among H. armigera collected from different host plants is a close mimic of the actual Þeld situation.
Untreated layered silicates tend to be mostly compatible only with hydrophilic polymers such as polyethylene oxide (PEO), polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) etc.
It is an obligate outcrossing species due to its sporophytic self-incompatibility (SI).
Self-compatible (SC) lines were developed for the first time in this species.
Yellow mustard is an obligate outcrossing species due to its sporophytic self-incompatibility.
The S1 plants showed various types and degrees of inbreeding depression as well as great variation in morphology, self-(in)compatibility and fatty acid profile.
As a result, ten self-compatible S5 inbred lines tolerant to inbreeding depression have been developed from the five self-compatible S1 plants.
These reﬂect a lower interfacial energy due to the compatibilizers generated by the fast interfacial reactions between amine and urethane linkages.
Therefore, the PP-g-NHR shows slightly higher compati- bility with TPU than the PP-g-NH2.
The authors believe that the PP-g-NH2 will show higher compatibility if a better (unquestionably challenging) way of its preparation is invented.
[31] reported the incompatibility of BM of the spray-dried extract of Myracrodruon urundeuva Allemão and maltodextrin.
Evalu- ation of compatibility between Schinopsis brasiliensis Engler extract and pharmaceutical excipients using analytical tech- niques associated with chemometric tools.
Because poly(S-PMEMA-DIB) can disperse well in acetonitrile and shows good compatibility with LAGP, the electrode can be prepared easily with uniform structure.
Our study suggests that applications of B. bassiana for short-term biological control of greenhouse whiteflies are compatible with the concurrent use of E. formosa and D. hesperus on greenhouse tomato crops.
Discussion Our results indicate that B. bassiana may be compatible with existing biological control programs for greenhouse whiteflies.
Beauveria bassiana was compatible to a great extent with E. formosa and D. hesperus, the two most commonly used biological control agents of the greenhouse whitefly in Canada.
In comparison to the other avail- able oxazolidinone (linezolid), both are generally compatible with a wide range of drugs.
They share a com- mon incompatibility with phenytoin sodium, and tedizolid was observed to be physically compatible with pan- toprazole while linezolid was not.
Physical compatibility of telavancin hydrochloride with select i.v.
Hae- mocompatibility of DLC and TiC-TiN interlayers on titanium.
abeanum, native in the eastern part of the Shikoku district, are less compatible with plants from other districts.
Within the hybrid zone, natural selection has apparently modified postzygotic isolation by favoring compatible genotypes regulating öogenesis.
Hybrid zones are formed between taxa that lack effective prezy- gotic isolation, yet have diverged to the point that their hybrids display some degree of postzygotic incompatibil- ity.
The point for “hybrid zone intermedi- ate” – female moths with an intermediate phenotype from mid-hybrid zone – mated to allopatric euryalus consists of only two matings, with a compatibility mean of 43.4 %; in one cross the fertility was only 5.4% Similarly, the data point for “pure” allopatric euryalus females mated to males from the mid-hybrid zone is again based on only two matings, one of which had a fertility of only 17.4%.
The Hyalophora hybrid zone, in contrast, does not seem to rely on novel ecological adaptations to maintain its sta- bility and genetic structure (euryalus and gloveri are both ecological generalists), but rather the zone is self-sustain- ing on the basis of genetic compatibility among hybrids.
The compatibility of DPOF with both AG anode and NCM cathode was tested by employing SEM and various electrochemical measurements.
Many other taxa such as sea urchins56, mosquitoes57, tuna58, oak59 and walnut tree60 are also known to show asymmetric gametic incompatibility.
Gametic incompatibility can also vary between colonies of the same species and between locations.
Evaluation of compatibility between Schinopsis brasiliensis Engler extract and pharmaceu- tical excipients using analytical techniques associated with chemometric tools.
Compared with the control E. Coli group incubated with pure Co3O4, the His-Co3O4 NPs we prepared possess a remarkable nontoxicity to this bacteria, indicating that the His coating layers on Co3O4 NPs result in good cell compatibility.
An obvious result is that the NPs penetrated the cell membrane and internalized inside of E. coli, suggest- ing that the His-Co3O4 NPs possess a remarkable nontox- icity and good cytocompatibility for E. coli.
Polyurcthanes have been determined to be one of the more hlood-compatible.
The fact that such hydrogen-bond-like inter- actions, aside from potential dipole-dipole interactions, were favored in s-PMMA, and not in isotactic PMMA (i-PMMA), was invoked to explain the compatibility of s-PMMA and incompatibility of i-PMMA with PVC.
Results 4-Hydroxybutyric acid was physically incompatible with (S)-ketamine hydrochloride, midazolam hydrochloride and piritramide.
While incompatibilities with piritramide and midazolam hydrochloride occurred immediately after mixing with 4-hydroxybutyric acid, they were found after a lag time of 30 min with (S)-ketamine hydrochloride.
In addition to the mixtures shown in table 2, a combination of clonidine hydrochloride, (S)-ketamine hydrochloride, lormetazepam, piritramide and sufentanil citrate was investigated and found to be physically compatible.
Due to the high pH value, it had to be expected that 4-hydroxybutyric acid would be incompatible with some of the selected drugs, whose pH values were far below.
4-Hydroxybutyric acid carries a major risk for incompatibil- ities when mixed with other drugs, especially those with an acidic pH optimum.
In vitro compatibility of remifentanil hydrochloride and sufentanil citrate with selected drugs.
(1428) Buenos Aires, Argentina 3 Instituto de Genética, INTA, Castelar, Argentina Estación Experimental Agro-industrial Obispo Colombres, Tucumán, Argentina 4 A BSTRACT We evaluated under semi-natural ﬁeld cage conditions sexual compatibility and competitive- ness of a laboratory strain (LAB) compared to a wild population (TUC) of Anastrepha frater- (Wiedemann).
The high compatibility of LAB and TUC ﬂies and the good competitiveness of irradiated LAB males observed in the present work encourage the application of the SIT at least at a sub-regional level to control A. fraterculus pop- ulations from Argentina and southern Brazil.
The timing of self-compatibility was found to vary within and among populations of Leptosiphon jepsonii, a narrowly distributed California annual species.
The genus Leptosiphon (formerly Linanthus section Lepto- siphon) in the family Polemoniaceae includes both SI and self-compatible (SC) species.
Mycelial compatibility groups in Texas peanut ﬁeld populations of Sclerotium rolfsii.
Mycelial compatibility groups and pathogenic diversity in Sclerotium rolfsii populations from sugar beet crops in Mediterranean-type climate regions.
Mycelial compatibility and pathogenic diversity among Sclerotium rolfsii isolates in the southern United States.
It also maintains the perfect compatibility to the JPEG 2000.
Isolates of F. moniliforme and F. oxysporum were placed into vegetative compati- bility groups (VCGs) by demonstrating heterokaryosis with complementation tests using nitrate-nonutilizing (nit) mutants (pairing nitM and nitl mutants).
Recently, researchers have used vegetative compatibility, the ability of to form heterokaryons to subdivide F. oxysporum (Puhalla 1985) and F. moniliforme (Puhalla and Spieth 1985) into vegetative com- patibility groups (VCGs).
asparagi into vegetatively compatible groups.
Since Microsoft’s new media player is incompatible with old versions of Windows, in order to use it, users will still have to upgrade to Windows XP.
B. carambolae was relatively incompatible with each of these species as evidenced by nonrandom mating for all crosses.
Alongside other factors such as pheromone composition or other courtship signals, this may lead to reduced interspeciÞc mating compatibility with B. carambolae.
KEY WORDS Oriental fruit ßy, prezygotic compatibility, sexual isolation Tropical fruit ßies of the genus Bactrocera Macquart (Diptera: Tephritidae) are distributed principally in Asia and the PaciÞc (Drew and Hancock 2000).
We believe that in addition to previously reported differences between these species (e.g., pheromone composition), espe- cially for B. carambolae, that behavioral variation (e.g., differences in mating location) contribute to the mat- ing incompatibility observed here between B. caram- bolae and the remaining three species.
Such an outcome has signiÞcant implications not only for their taxonomic identities, but has consequences for pest management (espe- cially for the SIT for which knowledge of species limits and mating compatibility are critical) and interna- tional trade.
Random mating and reproductive compatibility among Argentinean and southern Brazilian populations of Anastrepha fraterculus (Diptera: Tephritidae).
Mating incompatibility among populations of the South American fruit ßy Anastrepha fraterculus (Diptera: Tephritidae).
Interincompatibility was not observed be- tween isolates of the three species from different islands, or from different substrates.
DISCUSSION Interincompatibility was not noted between the three species of Auricularia, between the collec- tions from the different islands, nor between the collections from different substrates.
Intercompatibility and the species concepts in the saprobic Basidiomycotina.
Thus, the WEO/SBR rejuvenated asphalts have better compatibility than WCO/SBR rejuvenated asphalts.
It is likely that invertebrate populations also are compatible with hydraulic dredging for ocean quahogs in other regions.
IBR block copolymers as compatibilizers in NR/BR blends.
Structure and properties of soy protein/poly (butylene succinate) blends with improved compatibility.
[26] In LBL systems, PEI serves as a ‘‘compatibilizer’’ between the Ti surface and the polyelec- trolyte layer.
INTRODUCTION THIS PAPER presents a method for computing the electro- magnetic compatibility of HF sky-wave communication systems.
Raval and Devi13 proposed that a polystyrene–poly(vinyl acetate) system had some compatibility in toluene, methyl ethyl ke- tone (MEK), and 1,4-dioxane, while Mamaza and Folaranmi14 found the same system to be incom- patible in toluene, MEK, and tetrahydrofuran (THF) at lower concentrations.
For PMMA–STCN blends in 1,4- dioxane, the value Dx is very small (0.01), indi- cating a stable compatible system.
Lizymol and Thomas34 have observed a broaden- ing of the carbonyl absorption frequency in cases of compatible blends of PVC–EVA [poly(ethylene- co-vinyl acetate)].
CONCLUSIONS PMMA–STCN blends were found to be compati- ble from the experimental results of viscometric and density measurements in all three solvents under study.
belongs to the Rosaceae, which carries the gametophytic self- incompatibility system.
T he Japanese plum carries the gametophytic self- incompatibiity (GSI) system.
Therefore, a PBAD system that is more sensitive to arabinose will be more tolerant to IPTG and more compatible with Plac.
Four vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs) were identiﬁed among 37 isolates from the UK, the Netherlands, Belgium and France.
eHSI, heterokaryon self-incompatible.
Vegeta- tive compatibility groups within Australian populations of Fusarium oxysporum f.sp.
Vegetative compatibility of Fusarium oxysporum from sweet basil in Israel.
Sys- tematic numbering of vegetative compatibility groups in the plant pathogenic fungus Fusarium oxysporum.
Classiﬁcation of strains of Fusarium oxy- sporum on the basis of vegetative compatibility.
The compatibility of IPNs with PVC was studied using SEM and DSC instruments.
The results illustrate that the IPNs have good compatibility with PVC.
The compatibility of IPNs with PVC was investigated using DSC and SEM.
Crude oils containing insoluble asphaltenes (self-incompatible oils) were found to have a high content of low aromaticity naphtha and kerosene.
Therefore, all investigated VROs were compatible in contrast to the crude oils.
(5) Crude oils containing insoluble asphaltenes (self- incompatible oils) were found to have a high content of low aromaticity naphtha and kerosene.
This indicates that SSBR 2466 exhibits excellent compatibility with NR.
CONCLUSIONS For all NR/SSBR blends, there is a single glass transition in the entire temperature range, and SSBR 2466 exhibits excellent compatibility with NR.
the "eleven o'clock'' the targets resulted from Spatial compatibility of the S-R relation was varied between blocks of six series within a daily session.
The peanut landrace Local seemed to be more compatible with the indigenous AM fungi, whereas the modern cultivar Falcon responded best to the commercial inoculant.
AM Inoculation of Peanut in Tropical Soil 1635 Host-fungus compatibility was determined as the degree of mycorrhizal root colonization in combination with the effects on leaf and root-growth parameters, nodulation by indigenous Bradyrhizobium, and yield.
This landrace, fre- quently grown under the low-fertile soil conditions used in this experiment, seemed to be more compatible with the indigenous AM fungal community.
Generation of self-incompatible Arabidopsis thaliana by transfer of two S locus genes from A. lyrata.
Recent speciation of Capsella rubella from Capsella grandiflora, associated with loss of self-incompatibility and an extreme bottleneck.
WAXS experiments were also conducted to demonstrate the compatibility between PVDF and LPMASQ.
A controlled study was conducted to assess the physical compatibility of cimetidine hydrochloride (HC!)
Although C. parasitica is native to east Asia and first was found respectively in North America and Europe in 1904 and 1938 (Anagnostakis 1987), little is known about vegetative incompatibility in native popula- tions.
Locations in Japan and China where C. parasitica was sampled for vegetative incompatibility testing.
The lack of concordance between vc types found in Europe and Asia has several implications for the genetics of vegetative incompatibility in C. para- sitica.
Low diversity of vegetative compatibility types and mating type in Cryphonectria parasitica in the southern Balkans.
The incompatible heterograft between Sedum telephoides and Solanum pennellii.
The results of this intercropping study indicate that sesame and sunﬂower are compatible oilseed crops that can be grown successfully in the humid forest- savanna transition zone of the humid tropical countries.
CONCLUSIONS Partially compatible blends of PEEK and PES can be obtained by the mixture of their solutions in concen- trated H2S04.
The compatibility between PEEK and PES is related to the PES fraction in the blend; as a result the PES component reduced the crystallinity of the PEEK component in the blends.
Furthermore, the dual PA-binding domain inserted into PB1 of FluA and FluB cannot overcome this incompatibility for FluB.
1D, lanes 2 and 3), indicating an incompatibility of PB2-A and PB1-AB.
However, FluA and FluB acquired substantially different PA binding affinities during independent evolution, resulting in a limited compatibility of the PA-binding domains between virus types.
Results are compatible with the using of two low-gain discone antennas.
We studied vegetative compatibility (vc) diversity in two populations of C. parasitica in Croatia.
Diversity of vegetative compatibility groups of Cryphonectria parasitica in Connecticut and Europe.
High diversity of vegetative compatibility types in Cryphonectria parasitica in Japan and China.
Cryphonectria parasitica vegetative compatibility type analysis of populations in south-western France and northern Spain.
Low diversity of vegetative compatibility types and mating type of Cryphonectria parasitica in the southern Balkans.
Vegetative compatibility type diversity of Cryphonectria parasitica populations in Bosnia- Herzegovina, Spain and France.
The presence of clones of A. areolatum and A. chailletii was tested through somatic compatibility shown in pairings of heterokaryons obtained from wasps, basidiocarps and wood.
Both were incompatible with clone A.
In addition, isolates of A. areolatum from Denmark, Sweden and Lithuania were compatible with each other.
Thus the results of this study support the earlier observation that the most compatible PVAc-PEMA blend is that containing 18% PEMA by weight, with a PVAc compound of reasonably low molecular weight and PEMA of high molecular weight such that ( approaches 100.
In northern Bolivia, the application of RIL guidelines and the fact that Brazil nut extraction involves no conﬂict of use due to the tree’s legal protection from logging point to compatibility.
Several crosses between different species of Fragaria have been carried out to investigate the genetic compati- bility among species or to introduce new traits in the cultivars.
Reproductive compatibility studies between wild and cultivated strawberries (Fragaria × ananassa) to obtain “bridge species” for breeding programmes.
nebrodensis from the other two (percentages of compatible matings around 45% in G. Zervakis and C. Balis confrontations including nebrodensis, in contrast to about 60% between vars eryngii and ferulae).
from India were found to be intercompatible.
Strains of this taxon, though still intercompatible with P. ostreafus (at least partially and in vitro), are rare, geographically confined in certain areas of central Europe and by possessing ecological peculiarities (growing only on coniferous wood and fruiting during the colder seasons of the year), might progressively evolve as distinct species.
sajor-caju' and P. sapidus produced inferior values of intercompatibility when mated (3 1-100 %, with the 33% of the individual inter-strain crosses producing 100% dikaryons).
Sexual incompatibility in Suillw luteus and S. granulatw.
Metarhizium anisopliae and Beauveria bassi- ana (Hypocreales: Clavicipitaceae) are compatible with Cotesia flavipes (Hymenoptera: Braconidae).
In summary, PU-PFDA has a highly hydrophobic influence their blood compatibility.
The average EPs for the compatible and incompatible S-R pairings were 1.22 and 2.26%, respectively.
Varied materials have been suggested to replace the conven- tionally used electrolyte, YSZ (yttria-stabilized zirconia), because of their higher ionic conductivity and relatively good compatibil- ity with different cathode and anode materials.
Thus, lanthanum nickelate seems to have a good chemical compatibility with GDC.
Experimental evidence for genetic variation in compatibility between the fun- gus Atkinsonella hypoxylon and its three host grasses.
Copolymerization of acrylonitrile with N-vinyl-2-pyrrolidone to improve the hemocompatibility of polyacrylonitrile.
Photoimmobilisation of poly (N-vinylpyrrolidi- none) as a means to improve haemocompatibility of polyurethane biomaterials.
Polypropylene modiﬁed with 2-hydroxyethyl acrylate-g-2-methacryloyloxyethyl phosphorycholine and its hemocompatibility.
However, quan- titatively speaking, PES-2 and PES-3 show lower compatibility with all the PVDF, which can be attribu- ted to their dierent chemical modiﬁcations or struc- tures rather than to their molecular weights since they are similar.
2 and 3, it is noticed that, in general, PES-1 is less compatible with all the PVDF in DMA than in DMF.
Experimental evidence for genetic variation in compatibility between the fun gus Atkinsonella hypoxylon and its three host grasses.
As well known, i-PP and the ethylene-1-butene copolymers, namely linear low density polyethylene (LLDPE), are whereas 1-PP and isotactic poly (1-butene) (PB1) are compatible although both LLDPE and PB1 are crystalline polymers.
It was found that the EPR component is incompatible with i-PP component, irrespective of propylene con- tent in a copolymer.
The compatibility of i-PP/EBR and i-PP/EHR blends were quite different from that of i-PP/EPR.
Medications compatible with hyperalimentation solutions.
In apricot (Prunus armeniaca L.), self-incompatibility is a common feature among cultivars of the Central Asian and Irano-Caucasian eco-geographical groups.
The number of known self-incompatible apricot cultivars in the European group has increased rapidly over the last two decades.
The increasing number of self-incompatible cultivars in recent years may be due to the use of Asian or North American self- incompatible cultivars in breeding programmes that aim to create new genotypes which are resistant to plum pox virus, more frost tolerant, and/or that ripen at different times in order to extend the harvest.
In contrast, when ‘Ligeti Orias’ or ‘San Castrese’ were used to pollinate the Serbian selections, these combinations were compatible.
(1985) examined the fruit set percentage under field conditions and reported that ‘Szegedi Mammut’ was self-incompatible, while ‘Cegledi Orias’ was partially self-fertile.
Szabó and Nyéki (1991) found that ‘Cegledi Orias’, ‘Ligeti Orias’, and ‘Szegedi Mammut’ were fully self-incompatible (0% self- fertilisation).
Later, Szabó and Nyéki (1991) reported no fruit set after reciprocal pollinations among four Hungarian cultivars (‘Cegledi Orias’, ‘Ligeti Orias’, ‘Szegedi Mammut’, and ‘Nagykörosi Orias’) and concluded that they were cross- incompatible.
Cross-incompatibility between three of the Hungarian cultivars (‘Ligeti Orias’, ‘Cegledi Orias’ and ‘Szegedi Mammut’) was confirmed in this study.
Genotyping apricot cultivars for self-(in)compatibility by means of RNases associated with S alleles.
Self-incompatibility in Spanish clones of apricot (Prunus armeniaca L.) tree.
In vitro investigations on pollen quality, production and self incompatibility of some apricot varieties in Malatya – Turkey.
Finally, the solution used with the bare hybrid silica with the 20 mM ammonium hydroxide additive in the mobile phase has the additional advantage to be fully compatible with the new columns ␮m particles, designed for UHPSFC operation.
The lack of systematic change supported the conclusion that nylon 66 and polyethylene are essentially incompatible in the concentration range studied.
Pathogenicity, mycelial compatibility group (MCG) tests and rDNA sequence analyses were conducted on different isolates of S. rolfsii and S. delphinii collected from different hosts and geographical areas in Benin and South Africa.
), a tree species that normally shows S-RNase-based self-incompatiblity, have a horticultural advantage over self-incompatible culti- vars.
Self-compatibility of about 20 trees each from reciprocal crosses of ‘Benisashi (S7Sf)’ and ‘Shinpeidayu (S3Sf)’, and 26 selections from 16 different crosses was tested by pollination and pollen-tube growth the Sf-RNase allele and studies.
The effects of AN-g-SPI and HPAN on compatibility and the properties of the PAN/SPI/PU blends were studied.
Therefore, HPAN and AN-g-SPI were used as compatibilizers in the PAN/SPI and PAN/SPI/PU blend systems.
Partially hydrolyzed polyacrylonitrile (HPAN) and acrylonitrile-grafted soybean protein isolate (AN-g-SPI) were used as compatibilizers to improve the compatibility of the PAN/SPI/PU blend system.
Reproductive compatibility among four global populations of the toxic dinoflagellate Gymnodinium catenatum (Dinophyceae).
CONCLUSIONS Using two new measures of reproductive compatibility, RCs and RCp, we have demonstrated variation in interbreeding suc- experience with Pandorina (Chlorophyceae).
Aim The aim of the study was to confirm the safety and clini- cal effectiveness of the Nipro ELISIO-H for the US mar- ket by comparing its performance characteristics and ® hemocompatibility with Gambro Polyflux Revaclear (henceforth referred to as Revaclear) and Fresenius (henceforth referred to as Optiflux) dialyzers, Optiflux currently in use in the United States.
These data indicate that acephate, inoculant, and tebuconazole are compatible with respect to peanut yield.
The population variability of Iranian strains of S. sclero- tiorum was studied by mycelial compatibility grouping.
FKM shows a constant behavior to all fuel, it is seen that the FKM has good compatibility, in terms of mass loss, with diesel and biodiesel.
On the other hand, NBR was less compatible with biodiesel.
Micallef [22] evaluated the compatibility of 8 types of ﬂuorocarbon elastomers with diesel and a mixture of diesel with 30% biodiesel, the results showed that Fig.
Propofol, valproic acid, phenytoin, theophylline, methylprednisolone and fur- osemide were also incompatible, whereas ketamine, sufentanil, midazolam, morphine, piritramide, nicardipine, urapidil, dopamine, dobutamine and adrenaline were compatible.
Flucloxacillin was also incompatible.
Among the ﬂuoroquinolones, ciproﬂoxacin was compatible, but moxiﬂoxacin was chemically incompatible.
Macrolides (erythromycin and clarithromycin) and ﬂuconazole were compatible.
PEG-FA conjugated HA– Cur@AuNPs has been characterized for their physicochemical properties, blood compatibility and their efﬁcacy in targeting can- cer cells in vitro.
Among mixtures, the compatible RS-HMP exhibited only a single Tg between the Tg values of the two components, whereas the incompatible RS-LMP showed two Tg values that were close to those of the individual com- ponents.
This evidence further suggests that RS and HMP are compatible and exhibit a strong intermolecular interaction that increases gel viscosity and decreases water loss during high-temperature heating.
The compatible RS-HMP mixture exhibited only a single Tg between the Tg values of the two individual components, whereas the incompatible RS-LMP mixture showed two Tg values.
This evidence further suggests that RS and HMP are compatible and undergo strong inter- molecular interaction that results in an increase in gel viscosity and a decrease in water loss during high-temperature heating.
The integrated battery based on the TiO2/dye/Cu2S short- circuit electrode achieves the highest PCE and dramatic vari- ation in the charging voltage over the two CdS-sensitized elec- trodes shows outstanding compatibility.
Good compatibility, however, indicated with a number of acrylics, alkyds, amino rubber, coumarone-indene, epoxy esters, sty rènes, most vinyls, and cellulosics, in cluding nitrocellulose and cellulose acetate butyrate.
The compatibility of 11 S globulin and CMC is characterized by the coordinates of the binodal, threshold and critical points.
In other words, it resulted from the thermodynamic incompatibility of 11 S globulin and CMC.
Those BPs are mainly compatible to CMM and SPRM.
These SQAs are mainly compatible to SPRM and IS8 9000.
These results suggest the existence of bidirectional gametic compatibility between C. angulata and C. sikamea.
These results conﬁrm that there is bidirectional gametic compatibility between C. angulata and C. sikamea.
Recently, one-way gametic incompatibility has been reported in some oyster hybridization studies, such as those between C. aria- kensis and C. sikamea (Xu et al., 2009), between C. hongkongensis and C. gigas (Zhang et al., 2012) and between C. hongkongensis and C. ariakensis (Huo et al., 2013).
Gametic incompatibility and genetic divergence of Paciﬁc and Kumamoto oysters, Crassostrea gigas and C. sikamea.
Therefore, 5A molecular sieve and F-03 are not compatible with C4F7N/CO2 insulating gas.
Therefore, 5A molecular sieve and F-03 are not compatible with C4F7N/CO2 insulating gas.
Apparently, the participants did not exploit this compatibility, although they did so in Experiment 3.
In contrast, all insecticides were compatible with L. leca- nii in planta, and the fungus was readily recovered from inoculated, colonized leaves.
Further compatibility tests of the entomopathogenic fungus Lecanicillium muscarium with conventional insecticide products for control of sweetpotato whiteﬂy, Bemisia tabaci on poinsettia plants.
It was hoped that maleic anhydride (MA) would react with carbonyl groups in the SPET molecules, owing to POE and COC being olefinic poly- mers and therefore compatible with each other.
The ionomer encapsulated POE in the PET matrix and effectively compatibilized PET and POE.
Like PE and PP, COC has low surface energy and needs surface modification to compatibilize other materials.
However, the COC has a rigid cyclic olefin structure, leading to incompatibility with SPET and POE-g-MA.
This shows that SPET compatibilizes partially with both COC and POE-g-MA.
Recycling of postconsumer poly(ethylene terephthalate) and high- density polyethylene by compatibilized blends.
Functionalisation of propylene with maleic anhydride and acrylic acid for compatibilising blends propylene with poly(ethylene terephtha- late).
Aroostegui, A.; Nazaabal, in compatibilized poly(ethylene terephthalate)=poly(ethylene octane) copolymer blends.
 Al doped LST shows excellent chemical compatibility with ScSZ electrolyte.
The combined chemical and structural interface character- ization therefore demonstrates that the CGO and SFC phases are chemically compatible at the membrane.
the PLA mod- ification reduces the compatibility of the TBCP with the resin matrix.
We chose to use the Samsung Galaxy S7 which is compatible with ARCore.
Chapter 4 Crosslinked Polymer Hydrogels Reem K. Farag and Salma Hani Abstract The use of synthetic crosslinked polymer gels has increased in recent years, due to their unique characteristics such as high mechanical strength, service life and water and oil swelling, as well as being biocompatible.
Polymers that are water soluble, including PAAm, PEG, poly(vinyl alcohol) (PVA) and polysaccharides are the main systems used for applications in the biomedical and pharmaceutical fields, due to their bio- compatibility and non-toxicity (Caló and Khutoryanskiy 2015).
Mixed inhalation solutions of dornase alfa and the corticoste- roid fluticasone-17-propionate (Flutide® forte Fertiginhalat) are considered as incompatible.
The authors stated compatibility for all different mixtures, except for cromolyn sodium, which was found to be visually incompatible with 7% NaCl solution.
We analyzed the physico-chemical compatibility of colistimethate (Colistin CF), fluticasone-17-propionate (Flutide® forte), ipratropium bromide and albuterol.
Linanthus parviﬂorus, a self-incompatible species, was found to be pollen limited for some measures of reproductive success in all populations in 1 yr and in two populations in the other.
Linanthus includes both self-compatible and self-incompat- ible species.
Other self-incompatible species in the sec- tion, including the sister species to the lineage comprising L. jepsonii and L. bicolor, do not share these attributes and do not appear to be wind pollinated.
Of the QM methods, BLYP appears to be the most compatible with TIP4P, and HF the least (the HF to TIP4P free energy change is much larger (2.4 kcal 3 mol-1)).
At 30 °C and 25 MPa, the solubility parameter of light hydrocarbons ranges from 14 to 16.5 and can be intersected with those of CO2 + 10% ethanol and CO2 + 20% ethanol systems, which indicates that the compatibility between light hydrocarbons and CO2 + 10% ethanol or CO2 + 20% ethanol is better.
At 70 °C and 25 MPa, the solubility parameter of the light hydrocarbons ranges from 13 to 15 and only can be intersected with that of the CO2 + 20% ethanol system, showing that the compatibility between the light hydrocarbons and the CO2 + 20% ethanol system is good.
Previous investigations also showed that carbon dioxide can be dissolved readily in benzene, n-hexane, and toluene at elevated pressures.9 Therefore, several light hydrocarbons, such as isomers of C6H14, cycloalkanes, and aromatics, were selected to discuss the compatibility between hydrocarbons and SC-CO2 based on the solubility parameters.
carbons, and the compatibility between the CO2 + cosolvent system and diﬀerent compositions of oil were investigated by comparing their solubility parameters.
On the basis of the above, the compatibility between CO2 + cosolvent and straight-chain alkanes with diﬀerent molecular weight was studied at both low and high temperatures.
PMSG is not compatible for higher wind speed ranges (beyond 36.3 m/s).
Among commercial detergents, enzyme from Bacillus, Alcaligenes and Pseudomonas showed greatest compatibility with Surf excel with highest activities and 99.50 ± 2.49 U/mL respectively.
As D. carota and D. pusillus appear to be separated mainly by incomplete pre-zygotic barriers, it seems feasible to obtain hybrid seed in controlled crosses between compatible genotypes.
Amino acid containing macromolecules have also been studied extensively; their biodegrad(cid:2) ability and biocompatibility promote the reduction of the environmental problems, since amino acid resi(cid:2) dues can be digested by different microorganisms.
With these advantages, Ag NP- embedded nanogels can be used for the construction of biocompatible membranes with integrated antibacterial properties.
The results demonstrate that the blood compatibility of polyurethanes can be further improved by just simply mixing with the fluorinated phosphatidylcholine poly(carbonate urethane)s (FPCPCUs).
One step further, a series of 2-methacryloyloxyethyl phosphorylcholine (MPC) were blended with polyurethanes[17−21], and it was found that the blood compatibility of the PU/MPC polymer blends was superior compared with that of the original PEU, in terms of platelet adhesion and protein adsorption.
However, the other four drugs were found to be compatible.
Blending of NBR with unmodiﬁed HDPE shows incompatibility.
PK incompatibility, if any, between XueBiJing and antibiotics results mainly from undesirable interactions.
This revealed that the maleic anhydride compatibilizer has been unextractable and efficiently grafted (physico-chemically) into polystyrene resin.
The compatible nature of ﬂuorocarbon with unaged biodiesel (i.e.
In this case, the high mass gain associated with B0 sug- gests a highly aromatic diesel and/or a highly incompatible grade of NBR.
Silicone, chloroprene (or neoprene), and ethylene propene diene monomer (EPDM) have also been evaluated (albeit to a lesser extent than NBR and ﬂuorocarbon) for their compatibility with biodiesel.
The implication is that, at high blends levels, compatibility with NBR would improve with the formation of hydroperoxides, alde- hydes and short-chain acids.
Like NBR, neoprene is also heavily compounded with various additives and the development of more precise HSPs are needed to better represent compatibility for blends levels approaching B100.
Palm and soybean biodiesel compatibility with fuel system elastomers.
This could be due to loss of the pathogenicity during cultivation, but more Ekely they were saprophy- Virulence and Vegetative Compatibility of Dutch and Italian Isolates 19 tic isolates of F. oxysporum from lilies, since they are not vegetatively compatible with any of the pathogenic isolates.
We used cu- cumber seedlings as scions, two pumpkin (Cucurbita L.) cultivars with large differences in grafting compatibility as rootstocks, and non-grafted and self-grafted cucumber seedlings as control groups.
Consequently, high ROS levels lead to low RuBisCO levels and in turn inﬂuence the Calvin cycle in incompatible grafted plants.
He is a Senior Engineer with Armasuisse, Bern, Switzerland, where he works on the electromagnetic compatibility and high-power electromagnetics with the Swiss NEMP Laboratory, Spiez.
We are perplexed that in a compatible blend containing a large excess (98%) of the novolac resin only a modest concentration of the carbonyl groups of the PEMA is accessible.
In this study, therefore, the silane coupling agent IPTES was used to enhance the compatibility efficiently via the formation of strong covalent bonding between the organic EVOH phase and the inorganic silicate network.
It was confirmed from morphological analysis that the addition of only a small amount (the molar ratio of IPTES to TEOS þ IPTES was 0.15) of the IPTES silane coupling agent capable of induc- ing covalent bonding yielded a silica/EVOH hybrid material with a more stable and finer phase mor- phology without phase separation by enhancement of the compatibility between the inorganic silica phase and the organic EVOH phase.
The addition of the silane coupling agent IPTES con- taining groups resulted in improved phase compatibility in the EVOH/SiO2 hybrid materials because of the forma- tion of strong covalent bonding between the organic EVOH segments and inorganic silicate network, which was confirmed by FTIR analysis.
They are chemical promising alternatives to carbon nanotubes because of their excellent properties such as good biocompatibility, J Appl Polym Sci.
As for other olivine-type materials, a high difference in the ionization potentials of LiFePO4 (3.6 eV)[48] and LiPON (≈8.4 eV) assumes that these ionic conductors are chemically compatible.
A large ionization potential difference between the LCP cathode and LiPON ensures their chemical compatibility.
The compatibility of Ifr with L. testaceipes demonstrated potential for managing brown cit- rus aphid pests in citrus.
The objective of the current study was to charac- terize a collection of 40 isolates of F. oxysporum from soil and diseased tobacco plants from several fields in Extremadura using vegetative compatibility group (VCG), random amplified polymorphic DNA (RAPD) analyses, race determination (pathogenicity towards burley and flue-cured tobacco cultivars) and pathogenicity towards sweetpotato and cotton.
The results confirm that some compatibility exist between the m-Ar and ZnI components.
Use of zinc-neutralized ethylene/methacrylic acid copolymer ionomers as blend compatibilizers for nylon 6 and low-density polyethylene.
6 is compatible.
So the two alternatives are mutu- ally compatible.
However, due to its aromatic free characteristics, the widespread use of SPK is limited by its compatibility with non-metal materials such as fuel tank elastomers.
Besides sealants three typical gasket materials, nitrile, fluorosilicone and fluorocarbon were chosen to test their compatibility with SPK and its blends.
The results show that the components of TN88-1 are compatible and they can form a stable mixture with CB15 chiral liquid crystal.
It indicates that the five components of T N 88-1 are compatible and they can form a stable mixture with CB15.
Curve q and h have only one phase transition endotherm and have the same phase transition temperature and phase transition heat, it indicates that Poly (MMA-BMA) can greatly improve the compatibility of the compo- nents of Ch88-2.
The mixture M1 thus showed excellent compatibility, whereas mixture M2 showed incompatible behaviour.
T he genus Fagopyrum is composed of 18 species (Ohsako et al., 2001) and contains both diploid (2n ⫽ 2x ⫽ 16) and tetraploid (2n ⫽ 4x ⫽ 32) forms, with two breeding systems, self-incompatibility and self- compatibility.
Common buckwheat, the cultivated species, is a self- incompatible diploid species.
The self-compatible wild species F. homotropicum is the most closely related spe- cies to F. esculentum in the Fagropyrum genus (Yasui and Ohnishi, 1998) and is one possible source of the self-compatibility character for interspecific introgres- sion into F. esculentum.
This species has several desirable characters in addition to its self-compatibility, including high seed set and frost tolerance, and has been hybridized with F. esculentum, with the objective of creating a new self- pollinated buckwheat (Campbell, 1995; Wang and Camp- bell, 1998; Woo et al., 1999).
The self-compatible homostylic flowers of F. homo- tropicum were emasculated one day before crossing.
Application to buckwheat breeding Introgression of self-compatibility from F. homotrop- icum to F. esculentum involves crosses between the ho- mostylic and heterostylic species.
ISI detected a certain level of incompatibility between strains under both laboratory and Þeld conditions, because LF females tended to mate with LF males.
In this study, sexual compatibility between labora- tory and wild strains of Mexican fruit ßy was examined using analogous methodologies and experimental are- nas under laboratory and Þeld conditions, in an at- tempt to obtain two supplementary perspectives on the information conveyed through established repro- ductive indices.
The insecticide thiamethoxam increased the length of shoots and roots and provided compatibility with A. brasilense, and fungicide inhibited the length of shoots and roots and was antagonistic to the bacterium A. brasilense.
Some studies report that seed treatment with fungicide, insecticide and A. brasilense bacteria are compatible with the promotion of germination percentage and root dry matter accumulation in maize (DARTORA et al., 2013) and with increased shoot length in wheat seedlings (PEREYRA et al., 2009).
In this context, considering the great variety of chemical products indicated for seed treatment and the scarcity of information when these are associated with A. brasilense, this study aimed to evaluate the compatibility of A. brasilense associated with the fungicide difenoconazole and insecticide thiamethoxam, observing its effect on the quality of seed emergence of three wheat cultivars.
In addition, the thiamethoxam insecticide is compatible with inoculation with A. brasilense, increasing the root length.
In contrast, the fungicide difenoconazole is incompatible with the bacterium, reducing the root area.
Naproxen was found to b e compatible w i t h starch, Sta-Rx 1500, Primojel, Expiotab, Avicel PH 101, Elcema G250, Ac-Di-Sol and Sterotex.
Methyl parathion was highly compatible with the bacterium.
Pyrethroid was also found to be compatible with the bacterium.
Garcia Although methyl parathion and pyrethroid are compatible with B. thuring- iensis when tested in artificial medium, their inapparent antagonism against S. frugiperda larvae indicated that their combination with the bacterium is not adequate to control this insect pest.
Granisetron iscompatible with all tested Y-site drugs; ondansetron is notcompatible with amsacrine or fluorouracil.
Ondan-setron proved compatible with cladribine, doxorubicin lipo-some injection, and gatifloxacin (see Tables 2–4).
Also, incompatibilities were found betweenvarious combinations of dolasetron mesylate 100 mg or 200mg plus dexamethasone sodium phosphate 10 mg or 20 mgdiluted in 50 ml or 100 ml of either 0.9% sodium chloride or5% dextrose and water.
The PBAT/lignin binary blends showed large variation in dispersion and compatibility of the two lignin fractions with PBAT.
So it can be concluded that LDC has good chemical compatibility with LSGM even at C (higher than the preparation temperature of the 1400 LDCeSCF composite cathodes).
XRD results revealed that LDC  had good chemical compatibility with the SCF cathode and the LSGM electrolyte material.
Lactobacillus salivarius LET201, Lactobacillus reuteri LET210, Enterococcus faecium LET301, Propionibacterium acidipropionici LET103 and Bifidobacterium infantis CRL1395 have proved to be compatible as evaluated through three different approaches: the production and excretion of antimicrobial compounds, growth inhibition by competition for essential nutrients and physical contact, and a combination of both.
Altogether, these results suggest that P. acidipropionici LET103, L. salivarius LET201, L. reuteri LET210, E. faecium LET301 and B. infantis CRL1395 are compatible and can be included in a multi-strain formulation.
Cefepime was compatible with vancomycin at the concentrations tested.
PVDF is hydrophobic, leading to compatibility issues when mix with polar surfaces, such as cellulose used here.
The population structure of Monosporascus cannonballus, which causes vine decline in melons, was assessed based on the determination of mycelial compatibility groups (MCGs) in a collection of 58 isolates obtained from seven melon fields in three municipalities of Northeastern Brazil.
Mycelial compatibility groups (MCGs) of Monosporascus cannonballus isolates from Brazil and Spain.
Similarly, M. cannonballus isolates from the United States were not compatible with any isolate from Israel and Spain.
Vari- ous surface modiﬁcations have been developed for improving the hemocompatibility of Ti and Ti-based materials.
This study mainly explores the compatibility of NaN5 with traditional energetic materials, hydroxy-terminated polybuta- diene (HTPB), and ammonium perchlorate (AP).
Therefore, AP, cyclotetramethylenetetranitramine (HMX), cyclotrimethylene- trinitramine (RDX), hexanitrohexazaisowurtzitane (CL-20), HTPB were selected to study the compatibility of NaN5 in the means of differential scanning calorimetry (DSC).
We evaluated the compatibility of NaN5 with these materials by using DSC.
When it is between 4°C and 20°C, it is compatible to some extent (the closer to 20°C the higher the degree of incompatibility).
When it is more than 20°C, the mixed system is not compatible.
According to the STANAG 4147, NaN5 is compatible with AP.
According to STANAG 4147, NaN5 is compatible with HMX.
According to STANAG 4147, NaN5 is compatible with RDX.
According to STANAG 4147, NaN5 is mildly incompatible with HTPB.
Conclusions This study uses DSC to test the compatibility of NaN5 with AP, HMX, RDX, CL-20, and HTPB.
ClassiWcation of plasmids is based on their compatibility, i.e., the ability to coexist within the same cell.
DnaA- like plasmids, belonging to two compatibility groups (D-I, D-II), have exclusively been identiWed from Rhodobacterales.
Here, we tested reproductive compatibility among three A. obliqua populations from the Pacific and a population from the Gulf of Mexico.
Also, morphologically and genetically similar populations of A. fraterculus in Northern Argentina and Southern Brazil, sepa- rated by more than 450 km, were found to be fully compatible (Rull, Abraham et al., 2012).
An	analysis	of	reproductive	compatibility	of	the	 Peruvian type against the Western Mexican and/or Eastern Brazilian types should greatly contribute to clarify the integrity of A. obliqua as a widespread Neotropical species or as a complex potentially composed of two or three cryptic species.
Incipient speciation revealed in Anastrepha fraterculus (Diptera; Tephritidae) by studies on mat- ing compatibility, sex pheromones, hybridization, and cytology.
Mating	incompatibility	among	 populations of the South American fruit fly Anastrepha fraterculus (Diptera: Tephritidae).
SU-8 channels fabricated according to this scheme exhibited solvent compatibility against continuous exposure to acetone and ethylacetate, which are incompatible with native PDMS.
Channels consisting of SU-8 2005 provide suitable compatibility to generate aqueous droplets in ethylacetate.
We demonstrated that the method is compatible with polymers with different chemical compositions (epoxy, thiolene, and urethene) as well as different methods for curing (light or heat).
Channel of SU8 exhibited excellent compatibility with acetone and ethylacetate over 36 hours, exhibiting no apparent changes in the channel.
PSAN and PMMA mixtures are compatible when AN contents were 24 and 32 wt.%.
PMMA and PSAN52 mixtures were incompatible.
Based on the results of DSC and FTIR was found to be incompatible only with PVP-K30.
If two species are intercompatible, they are grouped as one biological species.
Plus signs, compatible Mon–Mon matings; minus signs, incompatible Mon–Mon matings; superscript D, Incompatible Di–Mon matings brown pileus and only grows in central and western Europe.9 Despite their geographic isolation, Zervakis and Balis9 reported in 1996 that these two species showed intercompatibility.
On the other hand, Petersen and Hughes4 reported in 1993 that a Mexican strain of P. djamor is incompatible with P. salmoneostramineus and P. ostreatoroseus while the latter two taxa are intercompatible.
columbinus and P. djamor, and par- tially compatible with P. ostreatus.
ﬂorida, and P. opuntiae were found to be intercompatible in our mating compatibility tests.
In this study, we suggest that P. ostreatus and P. pulmonarius are two different species based on their interincompatibility.
However, Zervakis and Balis9 demonstrated that strain ATCC 30986 of P. sapidus is compatible with P. pulmonarius, but incom- patible with P. ostreatus.
Zervakis and Balis9 concluded that these three species have partial compatibility with one another.
When one species is dem- onstrated to be interincompatible with all other species, it is designated as an independent intersterility group (biologi- cal species).
The compatibility of 'Hosui' and 'Shinseiki' with 'Danbai' has also been discussed.
Herein we describe the synthesis of ultrahigh payload BiNPs in 1,2-propanediol using a borane reducing agent and glucose as a biocompatible surface stabilizer.
Altogether, these studies indicate that these ultrahigh payload BiNPs, synthesized from known biocompatible components, have promising physical and cytotoxicological properties for use as XCAs.
Host and parasite strains and experimental procedures Two strains of S. mansoni were used in this study, a com- patible Brazilian (C) strain and an incompatible Guadeloupean (IC) strain.
In natural populations some snail/schistosome combinations are compatible and others are not.
positive and, therefore, the components are incompatible, the whole IPN layer being thermodynamically unstable.
Commercially, chestnut trees are produced through cleft-grafting, using stocks that are a year old, sourced from plantlets of the same variety, since different varieties can be incompatible.
However, grafting can be incompatible between these species.
Effect of clonally propagated interspecific hybrid chestnut rootstocks on short-term graft incompatibility with four cultivars of Italian “Marrone”.
Through hand-pollination experiments, we determined that C. ledifolius flowers are highly self-compatible.
Azithromycin was visual- ly compatible with only 4 of the 24 medications tested: diphenhy- dramine, dolasetron, droperidol, and ondansetron.
The results indicate that BSA and R-lactalbumin are compatible substrates for trans- glutaminase and it is possible to synthesize heterologous dimer and polymers of these two albumin-type proteins.
Genotyping based on mating and vegetative compatibility traits Evaluation of the isolates based on a combination of mating and vc traits showed that the C. parasitica population in the Aydın Mountains consisted of the following four genotypes: EU-1/MAT-1, EU-1/MAT-2, EU-12/MAT-1 and EU-12/MAT-2 (Table 1).
POP: We utilized the “popularity” of bottom bj to measure its compatibility with top ti.
• POP: We used the “popularity” of bottom bj to measure its compatibility with top ti.
• POP: We used the “popularity” of bottom bj to measure its compatibility with top ti.
共4兲 serve as a compatibility linkage.
It was found that when Alg: KGM ratio was lower than 6:4 (w/w), Alg and KGM were compatible, which was subsequently confirmed by SEM, AFM and TEM.
Based on the theory described above, the compatibility of Alg and KGM was evaluated at five mixing ratios (Alg: KGM = 9:1, 8:2, 7:3, 6:4 and 5:5, respectively).
The closed loops due to the [Ax[ effect have been found now in many systems including polystyrene-poly(viny1 methyl ether) (22) in chloroform, trichloroethylene and dichloromethane, and several compatible polymer pairs containing poly(viny1 chloride) mixed with chlorinated hydrocar- bon solvents (23).
The work starts with polystyrene and poly(methy1 methacrylate) which are incompatible and give simple coacervation in several solvents.
The results suggested that HPMC and HPS are partially compatible [13], and such compatibility could be reasonably expected from the blending components, since both of which possess the same chemical glucose unit, have been mod- iﬁed by the same functional group hydroxypropylene, are water soluble polysaccharides and chemically similar.
In the case of CP’s (MMA + EMA), all of them up to CP containing 75% EMA form a mixture with PMMA possessing one Tg value at any given concentration; (Figure 1); hence, their compatibility with PMMA over the whole range of the mixture compositions.
In the case of PMMA-PBMA mixtures these regions with one Tg value and compatibility of the components narrow down to 5% PBMA or 5% PMMA.
For PMMA mixtures with C P s containing OMA and PMMA + POMA mixtures, the narrow regions of compatibility of the mixture components are observed only for the PMMA-CP (75% MMA + 25% OMA) system where the content of CP or PMMA is lesser than 10% (Figure 3).
In an ultimate case the poly(methy1 metacrylate) appears to be compatible with 17% poly(ethy1 metacrylate), 5% poly(buty1 metacrylate) and practically incompatible with poly(octy1 metacrylate).
They concluded that this blend is incompatible blend.
They reported that PMMA–PVA blend containing 60% by weight PVA seemed to be compatible since dark and light regions representing both homopoly- mers were distributed homogeneously and none of the regions had phase separation.
It is suggested that the dominant mechanism controlling compatibility of gelatin with anionic polysaccharides involves the creation of weakly bound complexes of various origins, which destruct at increased salt concentrations and temperatures.
Overall it appears that there is not a chemical compatibility issue between SiC and Pb-Bi.
Pure Li environments are not compatible with SiC/SiC, however Pb-Li can be useable.
In service, the poor compatibility of materi- als leads to a worsening of the electrophysical and mechanical properties and heat resistance, which ﬁnally reduces the resource and reliability of a system.
XRD studies revealed that spinel+LATP mixtures are compatible with each other at 600 °C for the given sintering conditions.
Spinel+LLZ:Ta were shown not to be compatible with each other even at 600 oC.
Methods The KET-FUM co-crystal, obtained by solvent drop grinding of Ketoconazole and Fumaric Acid (1:1 molar ratio) [17], was tested for compatibility in binary mixtures with seven selected excipients: MgSt, Lact, PVP, HPMC, CSt, SiO2 and talc.
The compatibility of PCI SAN blend was adjusted by the content of PCL.
It was observed that the compatibility is improved by the addi- tionof PCL.
Conclusions Journal Pre-proof hydrogels were found to be incompatible due to the concentration that interfacial interactions are intense.
The drug showed compatibility with the excipients tested (lactose, microcrystalline cellu- lose, polyvinylpyrrolidone and polyvinyl acetate copolymer (PVP/PVA), and hydroxypropylmethylcellulose (HPMC)).
Considering the rhesus grouping sys- tem, the members of group O− are considered as universal donors; their blood is compatible with blood from all other groups.
Biodiesel compatibility with carbon steel and HDPE parts.
have greater compatibility in BEOL.
For comparison, styrene–acrylonitrile–glycidyl methacrylate terpolymer (SAG) was also used as a compatibilizer.
Styrene–acrylonitrile–maleic anhydride terpoly- mer (SAM) and styrene–acrylonitrile–glycidyl methacrylate ter- polymer (SAG) were used as reactive compatibilizers in the PC– PolyABS blends.
From the Palierne model, the a of the PP–SAN (20/80) blend showed a minimum (0.35 mN/m) in the 1.0 phr PP-g-SAN content; this suggested that the compatibility was increased at this PP-g-SAN content.
Two neutral variants segregating at the gametophytic self-incompatibility locus of European pear (Pyrus communis L.) (Rosaceae, Pyrinae).
Evolution of self-compatibility in Arabidop- sis by a mutation in the male speciﬁcity gene.
This may explain why other workers find that oxidised cellulose and penicillin are compatible.
Considering the adaptation of Z. joazeiro to the hydric deficiency and high evaporation of the Brazilian semi-arid region, studies must be conducted to verify whether Maringá, v. 39, n. 1, p. 59-69, Jan.-Mar., 2017 Mycorrhizal compatibility in Caatinga plants 65 AMF contribute to drought-tolerance and by what mechanisms this might occur, in order to optimize the development of this species and reduce extractivist pressure.
Symbiotic compatibility of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi with tropical tree species.
Ti6Al4V and Ti were used as controls as they are known to be biocompatible.
On the basis of DSC curves about rivaroxaban and excipient and mixture (1:1, w/w), the rivaroxaban was considered to be compatible with the most excipients (microcrystalline cellulose, lactose, hydroxyl pro- pyl methyl cellulose, magnesium stearate).
Meanwhile, the XRPD studies also showed the compatibility of rivaroxaban and pharmaceutical excipients, especially for the sodium lauryl sulfate.
At the same time the DHf value is 86.11 J g-1, which was concluded that rivaroxaban is compatible with magnesium stearate.
Especially, the DSC result assessed that sodium lauryl sulfate and drug maybe was incompatible.
Based on the result of DSC, the rivaroxaban was compatible with MCC, lactose, HPMC and magnesium stearate due to the retained of characteristic peaks of drug in the mixtures.
The SEM result suggested that the introduction of PP-g-MAH greatly improved the compatibility between PTT and PP, and decreased the size of dispersed particles.
For PTT/PP blend, these two polymers are not miscible or compatible because they have a large difference in their solubility parameters since they dissolve only in solvents with vastly different polarities.
PTT and PP component are incompatible in PTT/PP blends.
However, the PP- g-MAH acts as a compatibilizer for PTT/PP blend to improve and stabilize the morphological structure, through the reaction between the maleated anhydride moiety and PTT’s hydroxyl endgroup during melt blending.
Cultures of G. clavuligerum from North America were shown to be incompatible with cultures from Europe.
Intercompatibility and the species consept in the saprobic Basidiomycotina.
Evolved Cas9 variants with broad PAM compatibility and high DNA specificity.
investigated the effect of three different compatibilizers, styrene-acrylic oligomer (ESAo), methylene diphenyl diisocyanate (MDI) and an ethylene copolymer (EMAco), for the recycling of post-industrial PC/PET blends.
The values of ΔHm, ΔHcc and Xc decreased steadily, which was due to the signif- icantly improved compatibility of the PET/PC blends on introduction of CP, resulting in entanglement of molecular chains and limitation of chain segment movement of the blend system.
Diﬀerential scanning calorimetry studies indicated incompatibility with mannitol, microcrystalline cellulose, starch, and stearic acid.
In a recent report21 it was demonstrated that polystyrene could be compatibilized with poly(ethy1 acrylate) when poly- styrene was sulfonated to the extent of 5% and the poly(ethy1 acrylate) actually contained a similar percentage of vinylpyridine units.
DISCUSSION Polyisoprene and polystyrene are known to be incompatible, as can be seen from the transparency of a blend of the two homopolymers (Fig.
Blends of poly(ethy1 methacrylate) or poly(propy1 methacrylate) with methyl methacrylatebutyl methacrylate copolymers exhibited maximum compatibility when the average length of the copolymer side chains was equal to the length of the side chains in the homopolymer.
Thus Π1 is not auto- compatible.
Medications were classified as compatible, incompatible and untested.
Compatibility studies of penciclovir and lysine indicated a possible interaction between these ◦ substances, as evidenced by a single melting point at 253.10 C. The compatibility of several excipients, including ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid, cetostearyl alcohol, sodium lauryl sulphate, di-tert-butyl methyl phenol, liquid petrolatum, methylparaben, nonionic wax, paraﬃn, propylene glycol, and propylparaben, was evaluated in ternary (penciclovir-lysine-excipient) mixtures (1:1:1, w/w/w) to determine the optimal formulation.
Diversity of vegetative compatibility groups of Cryphonectria parasitica in Connecticut and Europe.
Cryphonectria parasitica vegetative compatibility type analysis of populations in south-western France and northern Spain.
Low diversity of vegetative compatibility types and mating type of Cryphonectria parasitica in the southern Balkans.
Vegetative compatibility type diversity of Cryphonectria parasitica in Bosnia-Herzegovina, Spain and France.
The new ﬁndings revealed 29 compatible combinations, 27 incompatible combinations, and 26 compa- tible combinations in speciﬁc conditions.
Physical compatibility of magnesium sulfate and sodium bicarbonate in a pharmacy-compounded hemoﬁltration solu- tion.
The concept of autogamy has emerged as closely linked to self- compatibility in order to have a good agronomical performance of a self-compatible cultivar in single cultivar orchards in the absence of pollinating insects.
New self-compatible forms The review of the self-compatible forms in almond (Socias i Company 1990) showed that they are limited to the northern shore of the middle and west Mediterranean, probably linked to the presence of the wild species P. webbii (Spach) Vierh.
As a consequence, it is not surprising that in the Italian region of Puglia, where this species grows wild in large areas and where most self-compatible almonds have been found, the search for new self-compatible forms resulted in their identification among spontaneous Proc.
Pollen tube growth through the style has repeatedly confirmed the self- compatibility of many cultivars (Ben Njima and Socias i Company, 1995; Socias i Company and Felipe, 1992).
graphene and δ We used the free volume theory to study the compatibility of graphene and SBR.
This study aimed to investigate the ecological conse- quences of orchid–fungus speciﬁcity by contrasting the diversity of mycorrhizal fungi compatible with a weed-like South African orchid Disa bracteata with a widespread, native Australian orchid Pyrorchis nigricans and other WA orchids.
The diversity of fungi compatible with different orchids is compared in an attempt to gain a better under- standing of the mycorrhizal compatibility and distribution of different fungal groups within the Rhizoctonia complex.
Thick solid lines are fully compatible symbioses.
D. bracteata germinated with isolates obtained throughout its 10,000 km geographic range conﬁrming its compatibility with geographically disjunct fungi (Fig 1).
Indeed, M. media and T. crinita were compatible with a South African fungus isolated from Disa bracteata.
M. media was compatible with members of a sec- ond fungus clade (Sebacina), while D. bracteata only germinated with fungi from the Epulorhiza clade.
Consequently, broad webs of compatible mycorrhizal fungi may be as important as other ecological attributes such as high fecundity for weed-like orchids such as D. bracteata and M. media.
However, Australian orchids that primarily occur in undisturbed habitats, such as Prasophyllum and Diuris, also associated with Epulorhiza isolates overlapping with those compatible with D. bracteata and M. media.
However, these genera also include many rare taxa, perhaps due to limitations in ﬁnding compatible fungi in highly complex landscapes.
It was found to be completely compatible with CNTs.
A physicist reared under Islam or Buddhism may travel to the West, to Princeton, to study quantum mechanics, but he returns to his own culture, which is incompatible with the Western logos.
Physical compatibility of ceftolozane–tazobactam with selected i.v.
drugs tested, ceftolozane–tazobactam was com- patible with 86 drugs in both diluents; notably, it was compatible with met- ronidazole in both solutions.
Ceftolozane–tazobactam was incompatible with albumin, amphotericin B, caspofungin, cyclosporine, nicardipine, and phenytoin sodium due to turbidity changes and with propofol due to for- mation of an oily layer.
An alternative procedure was implemented to test the physi- cal compatibility of propofol with ceftolozane–tazobactam due to the emulsion nature of the former, which is formulated as an opaque white fatty emulsion.7 The compatibility testing was conducted using 15-mL translu- cent polypropylene plastic tubesk; 5 mL of propofol was mixed with 5 mL of ceftolozane–tazobactam in dupli- cate, with the order of mixing alter- nated for each duplicate.
The three commercially available products of amphotericin B (deoxycholate, liposo- mal, and lipid complex formulations) were also incompatible with ceftolo- zane–tazobactam in 5% dextrose in- jection due to substantial changes in turbidity.
Physical compatibility of telavancin hydrochloride with select i.v.
On platelet aggregation, PS-E and AN-69ST generally afford better bio- compatibility than CTA and PS.
autonomously), pollinator activity and ploidy level between the homostylous Nymphoides gemi- nata that colonise geographically marginal habitats and its stylar polymorphic and self-incompatible closely related species N. montana that typically occur in natural water bodies in south-eastern Australia.
The increased in compatibility of PLA/ENR15 and PLA/ENR10 blends was due to the compatibilizing effect of PLA-g-NR.
in the heat generation in the heat generation by mixing of 40 kJ kg-' by mixing of 30-40 kJ kg-’ is incompatible.
requires further in the heat generation below 30 kJ kg-’ is compatible.
This study was conducted to determine the compatibility of mixing manganese, boron, and leafspot fungicides using water from three sources.
MnEDTA mixed with water and boron, either sodium borate or boric acid, was a compatible mix.
CONDITIONS have been pylene depending upon only investigated the composition for certain polyethylene-polypropylene for the compatibility of polyethylene of the mixture.
lini isolates among vegetative compatibility groups and flax wilt nurseries.
Vegetative compatibility and ge- netic diversity in the Aspergillus flavus population of a single field.
Genetic variation among vegetative compatibility groups of Fusarium oxysporum f.sp.
Vegetative compatibility groupings in a local population of Fusarium oxysporum.
Furthermore, the species comprises 2 distinct compatibility groups, designated as A and a, all isolates exhibiting complete intergroup fertility.
These results as well as those men- tioned previously show that isolates of C. heterostrophus vary in degree of compatibility.
SUM MARY Monoconidial and monoascosporic isolates of C. heterostrophus ex- hibit marked differences in degree of compatibility.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Australian populations of Fusarium oxysporum f. sp.
Sev- eral approaches have been proposed to make the MRI signal DR compatible with the ADC DR.
Of the 24 secondary addi­ tives evaluated, 4 (acyclovir, pentamidine isethion- ate, trimetrexate, and amphotericin B) were physi- callv incompatible with foscarnet.
Foscamet 24 mg/mL was physically incompatible with intravenous solutions containing Foscamel Notes acyclovir, trimetrexate, pentamidine isethionate, and amphotericin B.
Dopamine and dobutamine mixtures with midazolam 4 mg/mL in 5%D were also compatible.
Midazolam 4 mg/mL was combined with nine different drugs to produce physically compatible mixtures, apart from the mixture with esomeprazole.
It also demonstrates the incompatibility of: (i) dobutamine with furosemide in NS, and (ii) midazolam 4 mg/mL with esomeprazole 0.32 mg/mL in NS.
In addition, it provides infor- mation about the physical and pH compatibility of other common mixtures used in ICUs.
Apart from the activity of whitefly suppression, the low mammalian toxicity, compatibility with natural enemies, and ability to reduce honeydew and sooty mold production makes buprofezin an ideal insecticide that can be integrated in the RSW management program in urban areas, and reduce the nuisance caused by this pest.
Based on the current study, it can be concluded that buprofezin and I.  fumosorosea are compatible at the tested rates.
Consequently, the combination of medium to high bloom density, low to medium ﬂower sterility, efﬁcient self-compatibility, high level of autogamy and stable year-to-year fruit set, is most suitable for any new self- compatible almond cultivar, mainly for regions with high frost risks and warm summers.
The evidence of inbreeding, shown by a consistent low bud density, a high ﬂower sterility and a lower fruit set after self- than after cross-pollination, recommends that a ﬁrst step to increase productivity is the diversiﬁcation of the parents in the breeding programmes (Alonso and Socias i Company, 2005b), at present mostly limited to ‘Tuono’ for self-compatibility transmission (Socias i Company, 2002).
The hexabromocyclododecane, antimony trioxide, decabromodiphenyl oxide, and aluminum hydroxide were added to the BEBN in order to improve the compatibility of BEBN with the liquid oxygen.
shown that it’s incompatible with liquid or gaseous oxygen.
The effects of the individual additive on the compatibility of BEBN were very limited, the combination of four additives were added into the BEBN in order to further improve the compatibility of BEBN with liquid oxygen.
These results also confirmed that the compatibility of BEBN with liquid oxygen was related to the oxidation reaction, and the addition of flame retardants was favorable to improve the compatibil- ity of BEBN, specially the combination of the inorganic and organic additives.
Liquid oxygen compatibility and thermal stability of bisphenol A and bisphenol F epoxy resins modified by DOPO.
Conditions I and IV are the fastest (the “compatible” conditions), at around 500 msec.
In other words, LiPF6 is not compatible with 1NM3 in such a system.
This suggests that LiPF6 is compatible with TEGDME, although it is not compatible with 1NM3, as shown earlier.
It is also found that LiPF6 is compatible with TEGDME solvent, suggesting that the stability of the electrolyte in Li–O2 cells depends on the compatibility of lithium salts with solvent.
NZP compatibility with P. er yngii and P. populinus was partial, with a mixture of incompatible pairings, matings producing ephemeral dikaryons, and matings producing stable, proliferat ing dikaryons.
A small number of monokaryon (single-basidiospore) iso lates were paired with monokaryon strains of P. pul monarius and P. ostreatus (obtained from RHP), and found to be fully or partially compatible with those of both species.
Contact zones of putative compatible pairings were excised and allowed to grow as subcultures for one week.
These results confirmed that NZP was "compatible" with P. pulmonarius and P. ostrea tus.
NZP is intercompatible to some degree with "ABlE," OSTR, POPU, PULM and ERYN.
Dobutamine 1.5–5 mg/ml was shown to be visually compatible with sodium nitroprusside 0.3–1.2 mg/ml when protected from light.
▸ Amiodarone is physicochemically compatible with dobutamine and norepinephrine but it can be adsorbed on a heparin-coated catheter.
▸ Dobutamine is physicochemically compatible with sodium nitroprusside if the light-sensitive sodium nitroprusside is protected from light.
Discussion Our results from growth chamber experiments demonstrate that the two biological control agents, M. dimerum (isolate L13) and L. muscarium (Mycotal), and the plant extract (Milsana) were compatible with each other and could be applied in conjunction or in alternation.
This situation does not arise from inadequacy of theory (which is in fact able to represent the behavior of the PBA/X-500 and PBA/PAN systems), but is due to the incompatibility of cellulose and CA already in the isotropic state.
Furthermore, in the mobile market, this appearance of various smart phone platforms such as Android, iOS and Windows Phone has forced game developers to develop the same game content repeatedly in order to ensure compatibility with each of the avail- able platforms.
There is evidence from studies of field isolates of species including A. niger, A. terreus, A. versicolor, A. glaucus and E. nidulans that heterokaryon incompatibility is widespread in the aspergilli (Croft & Jinks 1977).
Therefore A. nidulans has an extra option to get rid of parasitic elements through its sexual cycle and thus heterokaryon incompatibility may be less important between A. nidulans strains.
Thus the two genomes sequenced by DSM and DOE Joint Genome Institute respectively are from heterokaryon incompatible strains.
Comparisons were made of genome sequences of two different A. niger strains that are heterokaryon incompatible, together with genome sequences of four closely related sexual and asexual species.
Rapamycin mimics the incompatibility reaction in the fungus Podospora anserina.
A mutation in an HSP90 gene affects the sexual cycle and suppresses vegetative incompatibility in the fungus Podospora anserina.
Otherwise, they are not compatible.
they are not compatible.
Summary: Compatibility of PLA and PCL Polymers It can be concluded that PLA and PCL are not incompatible because their blends can exhibit good mechanical properties.
Dias studied the compatibilization of PLA/PCL blends by low-molecular-weight block copolymers of glycol or aliphatic polycarbonate.
They explained compatibilization eﬀect of POM as a consequence of hydrogen bonds formation between POM and PLA and PCL chains.
Alkyltin thioglycolates are highly compatible with PVC.
The high compatibility of alkyltin thioglycolates with PVC can be explained by a specific, relatively strong interaction between tin and W C molecules.
The less compatible combinations (Syrah383/110R and Syrah383/SO4) exhibit higher content of gallic acid and lower contents of ferulic and sinapic acids than the more compatible ones (Syrah470/110R and Syrah470/SO4).
The content of (+)-catechin is only signiﬁcantly lower in Sy470/110 R and the behaviour of (−)-epicatechin does not allow the differentiation between combinations according to the level of compatibility.
Graft union formation and cell-to-cell communication via plasmodesmata in compatible and incompatible stem unions of Prunus spp.
This result the MAM/RE-2160 blend is incompatible in the solid state, even though it is compatible in the presence of toluene.
It was therefore confirmed that the compatibility of MAM and the tackifier decreased in conjunction with an increase in molecular weight of the tackifier.
EXTRACTO OBJETIVO: Evaluar la compatibilidad física y la estabilidad química de 200 mg/100 mL de linezolido mezclado con 400 mg de ciprofloxacina, 400 mg de ofloxacina, y 500 mg de levofloxacina por siete días a 4 y 23 ˚C.
CONCLUSIONES: Las mezclas de 200 mg/100 mL de linezolido con 500 mg de levofloxacina y con 400 mg de ofloxacina fueron físicamente compatibles y estables químicamente al menos por siete días almacenadas a 4 y 23 ˚C.
PBS/PER (60/40) and PBS/PER (50/50) display low tensile strength due to large sea-phase and irregular ﬁber- shaped morphologies, even though they have good compatibility.
The results indicate that the PBS/PER blends are compatible and that PBS/PER (70/30) has the best compatibility.
Because the PBS/PER blends present a degree of compatibility and both PBS and PER phases are dispersed in them, the PBS/PER blends display two crystallisation temperatures, that is, TmBE2–2 and TmBE2–3 which is respectively the crystallisation temperature of PBS and PER.
Therefore, the blends are compatible.
The DTa values for the PBS/PER blends decrease with increasing PER content, indicating that they are compatible due to the effect of the even blending of PBS and PER.
On the basis of early DSC and DMA results, PBS/PER binary blends have been considered as compatible; however, the SEM images of most of our PBS/PER blends reveal two-phase morphologies composed of sea-island and irregular ﬁber shapes, except for PBS/PER (70/30).
PBS/PER (60/40) displays lower stress and strain than the other PBS-rich blends and PBS itself, even though it has good compatibility, because it has an irregular ﬁber-shaped morphology, which results in a more extensive interface and low adhesion between the PBS and PER.
The PBS/PER blends display independent crystal melting region at around 120 and 100 C, except for PBS/PER (70/30), the latter displaying the best compatibility.
According to tests by the Couchman method, DSC, and DMA, the PBS/PER blends are compatible, with compositions in the range 70/30 > PBS/ PER > 30/70 displaying good compatibility and PBS/PER (70/ 30) having the best compatibility.
Most of the compatible PBS/PER blends SEM display two phases in their SEM images, composed of sea-island and irregular ﬁber-shaped morphologies, but PBS/PER (70/30) displays an apparently singular phase.
The compositions of the PBS/PER blends not only affect their tensile strengths, but also their morphologies and compatibility.
Although PBS/PER (70/30) has a lower PER content than the PER-rich blends, it displays elastic characteristics due to its excellent compatibility and apparently singular phase.
In 1984, he joined the Brazilian telecommunica- tion operator (Telebr´as), where he was involved in electrical protection, electromagnetic compatibility, and safety.
Medication compatibility with en­ teral feeding solutions co-administered by feeding tubes.
Esmolol hydrochloride aippears to be compatible with all of the i.v.
• L-Glu-based MOFs are antibacterial, hemocompatible, and biocompatible.
Chitosan is a randomly distributed b-(1-4)-linked D-glu- linear polysaccharide composed of cosamine (deacetylated unit) and N-acetyl-D-glucosamine (acetylated unit) with excellent bioactivity, biodegradability and biocompatibility.
However, the direct mixing of poly- amides with polyoleﬁns usually gives incompatible blends that exhibit poor mechanical, electrical and thermal properties.
Polyamides are immiscible with polyoleﬁns or polyoleﬁn-based elastomers due to their structural diﬀerence, the absence of speciﬁc interactions and also to the incompatibility caused by free volume eﬀects resulting from diﬀerent thermal expansion coef- ﬁcients.
The processing characteristics and DSC measure- ments showed the incompatibility of the binary IPP/ PA6 blends, especially for the 50/50 ratio of mixing.
The MA-, BMI- and AA-functionalized IPP act as compatibilizing agents ternary IPP/PA6/EPDM blends.
Outman and Monolakis' observed the compatibility of various concentrations of haioperidoi lactate with 0.9% sodium chloride in­ jection and with several in­ jectable drugs commonly administered to critically ill patients.
This has evolutionary significance for the relationship of the self-compatible and -incompatible Lolium species.
The experiments described here follow the segrega- tion of self-compatibility through the early generations obtained by backcrossing the hybrids, L. temu- lentum XL.
In order to aviod the possibility of cross-incom- patibility on backcrossing, the RP plants were not of the same incompatibility genotype as the self-incom- patible parents used to produce the original hybrids but had similar flowering dates so that no problems with synchronizing for crossing occurred.
They were also practically self-incompatible, although some plants produced a small number of self seed when bagged as isolated units.
The pollen/ stigma reaction of reciprocal crosses between seven of the BC1 plants and the RP were tested to determine the relationship between self-compatibility and the SZ incompatibility system.
Despite the low numbers of BC1 plants produced and the poor fertility status of many of these plants, self-compatibility derived from L. temulentum was expressed both in terms of pollen/stigma reaction and ultimately in numbers of self seed set.
Otherwise A1 and A2 are compatible.
* Correspondence 3 ABSTRACT Differential scanning calorimetry was used to investigate the compatibility of propoxyphene HC1-aspirin and propoxyphene HC1- acetaminophen solid mixtures.
It is possible that acetaminophen and propoxyphene HC1 are chemically stable in these mixtures within the time range studied, although an eutectic incompatibility was observed.
Introduction The compatibility of poly(ethylene oxide) (PEO) and poly(methyl methacrylate) (PMMA) blends was studied over a wide range of compositions at 270 K, 298 K and 400 K, by atomistic and mesoscopic modelling.
Compared with POE-g-MAH, POE-g- NH2 exhibited a better compatibilization effect in the TPU/ POE blends.
Accordingly, POE-g-NH2 showed a better effect of compatibilization in the TPU/POE blends.
Compared with POE-g-MAH, POE-g-NH2 pro- vided blends with higher compatibility because of its higher reactivity of the amine groups with ure- thane linkages.
Android Wear, Google’s wearable platform, is compatible with both Android phone and iPhone.
However, Apple’s wearable devices such as iWatch are incompatible with Android phone.
For instance, Google’s wearable platform, Android Wear, is compatible with both Android phone and iPhone.
If the conditions that favor compatibility of Am or Ap and hydrocolloids can be well-understood and predicted, they can be successfully used in starch-based food applications and their utilization in novel starch-based products will be enhanced.
This suggests that the Am/TPS mixtures (0.85:0.15; 0.75:0.25) are partial compatibility.
From our observations it is clear that the Am/TPS mixtures at a ratio of 0.65:0.35, and Ap/TPS mixtures at ratios of (a) 0.85:0.15 and (b) 0.75:0.25 satisfy all the miscibility/compatibility criteria determined by using DSV and Hyper-DSC.
(2007) evaluated the compatibility degree between quince of genus Cydonia and the pears 'Cascatense', 'Carrick' and 'Seleta', and observed that although 'Cascatense' showed a higher crown volume Figure 2.
The evaluated pear cultivars are incompatible with Chaenomeles sinensis rootstock, and compatible with Pyrus calleryana rootstock; the quince cultivars show compatibility with both rootstocks.
; POSTMAN, J. Peroxidase isozyme profiles in compatible and incompatible pear-quince graft combinations.
Graft union formation and cell-to-cell communication via plasmodesmata in compatible and incompatible stem unions of Prunus spp.
In this ar- ticle, we report the experimentally determined compatibility behavior of PEEK/PES blends.
Solution-blended PEEK/PES blends were compatible but show an LCST at a temperature around 340 °C.
The blends of PEEK and PES prepared by solution-blending are compatible because of mixing at a molecular level.
Therefore, SEM analysis agrees with DSC in that the blends are more compatible in the PEEK-rich compositions than the PES-rich com- positions.
Probably the PEEK- rich compositions are more compatible than the PES-rich compositions.
The seedling inoculation technique has also been used to examine the compatibility of the EpichloeW anamorphs symbiotic with perennial rye-grass (Lolium perenne L.), tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea Schreb.)
Further evidence of incompatibility reactions was observed when seedlings of perennial rye-grass, tall fescue and meadow fescue were inoculated with isolates of E. festucae.
This paper reports on studies to examine the compatibility of the parental and progeny E. festucae isolates with perennial rye-grass, meadow fescue and tall fescue, as well as in the two original host species.
Variation in the ability of Acremonium endophytes of perennial rye-grass (Lolium perenne), tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea) and meadow fescue (F. pratensis) to form compatible associations in the three grasses.
Nonreciprocal compatibility between EpichloeW typhina and four host grasses.
The lowest attenuation in telecom fibers is in the 1.5-µm C-band transmission window (1530-1565 nm, ~0.2 dB/km), which is also compatible with Erbium-Doped Fiber Amplifiers (EDFAs).
The chemical compatibility between tetragonal-LnSZ and pyrochlore-LnZ can be decided depending on the relation between the x1 and x4 in Fig.
LnZ have poor chemical compatibility with YSZ at higher temperatures.
In this connection, it should be noted that it has been repeatedly reported that ‘Dular’ has both a wide-compatible spectrum and a high level of compatibility, as it produces highly fertile hybrids when crossed to a wide range of indica and japonica varieties (Pan et al.
The compatibility of ondansetron hydrochloride and methylprednisolone so- dium succinate in 5% dextrose injection and 0.9% sodium chloride injection was studied.
The compatibility data of the control solutions showed that on- dansetron hydrochloride was stable for up to 24 hours at 20–25 °C and up to 48 hours at 4–8 °C.
In linear poly- ethylene and anionic polystyrene no experimental indication has been found for chain-length incompatibility.
Then, it is verified that, at first, even though AM HD Radio system uses a larger channel bandwidth for its hybrid (30 kHz) and all digital (20 kHz) modes, and DRM makes it possible to also use larger channel bandwidths, the channel assignments for sound broadcasting services below 30 MHz in Brazil, as defined by Anatel, are satisfied, since they are compatible with the limits given by the spectral mask for a single channel.
Discussion species Self-incompatible ﬂowering plants, while possessing male and female gametes, fail to form zygotes after self- pollination but succeed after cross-pollination with certain other plants of the same species.
Both of these grasses are self-incompatible.
Self-incompatibility can be exploited for the produc- tion of hybrids.
The olive (O. europaea) has a homomorphic sporophytic diallelic self-incompatibility system [3]; thus, most olive cultivars are self-incompatible while fertilization eﬃciency varies between cultivars [4,5].
Despite this system, some varieties have been found to be self-compatible.
In the experiment we carried out at the Volcani center in 2016, we found the Souri cultivar to be completely self-incompatible.
In the current study, according to the cross-pollination experiment of 2017, the Koroneiki is compatible with Souri (Figure 2).
In our previous study [4] we found that the Koroneiki, unlike Picual, Souri, and Manzanilo, is incompatible with Barnea.
We found that the Nabali cultivar is compatible with the Souri cultivar.
Caturra (CIFC 19/1) and Hı´brido de Timor (CIFC 832/1) inoculated using fresh spores of H. vastatrix race XXXIII, seeking to establish compatible and incompatible interactions, respectively.
[22] studied the compatibility of hexamethyldisiloxane (MM) with asbestos, fabroil, mica and polytetrafluoroethylene at 150°C.
Two-drug combinations consisting of ondansetron with fluconazole, aztreonam, ceftazidime, or cefazolin were compatible for four hours under sim­ ulated V-site conditions.
Attempts have been made to blend starch with other thermoplastic polymers to improve the properties [5–11], but hydrophilicity of starch results in incompati- bility with hydrophobic polymers.
It is found that the 30/70 starch/PVA blend is the most compatible blend and the compatibility decreases with increase in starch content.
Thus X and Y are perfectly compatible.
Results showed that the as-synthesized FTPU elastomers have satisfactory blood compatibility, cytocompatibility, mechanical and thermal stability properties.
Thus, the knowledge how they interact with ru- bisco and of their compatibility with the latter of importance for industrial rubisco isolation and further use in food technology.
In the present experiment, compatibility of PQS and tan- shinonel was used to treat AMI rats.
INTRODUCTION The occurrence of parental-type plants (sibs) in F, cultivars of brussels sprouts and other Brassicas results from the incomplete functioning of the self-incompatibility system in the parental lines used .
Self seed production by CO2 gas treatment in self incompatible cabbage .
Additionally, urethane acrylate non-ionomer (UAN) was introduced as a compatibilizer to enhance the miscibility of the hydrophilic and the hydrophobic polymers.
Moreover, it has been observed that DEGDN and BuNENA showed the highest compatibility with PGN.
As a consequence, g-hal- loysite is expected to be more compatible with PP.
Results Insulin aspart was compatible over 24 h with 43 drugs over the 47 selected.
Imipenem-cilastin, meropenem, esomeprazole and pantoprazole were compatible over a shorter period.
In vitro compatibility of remifentanil hydrochloride and sufentanil citrate with selected drugs.
But PVDF and SR exhibit poor compati- bility.
In addition, DMA was used to assess the interfacial compatibility toward Tg in PVDF/FKM/SR ternary blends.
Sagnella S and Mai-Ngam K. Chitosan based surfactant polymers designed to improve blood compatibility on biomaterials.
Through the quantitative analysis of the hydro- lysis, it is found in the epoxy/PC blend that the compatibility of the EP/PC blend is better than that of the TMEP/PC blend.
From the quantitative analysis of hydrolysis, it was found that the compatibility of the EP/PC blend is better than that of the TMEP/PC blend.
This system uses a single channel (Bandwidth : 6MHz) and keeps full compatibility with NTSC.
Discussion Self-incompatibility prevents selfing and contributes to maintain genetic diversity in flowering plants.
In addition, the incompatibility between the different versions of the Sf haplotype may be beneficial from the evolutionary point of view, but not for the commercial production of almond.
Although the basic PS/ PMMA blend was clearly immiscible, it was also found that the incorporation of POSS into the PS chain led to incompati- bility when the POSScoPS copolymer was blended with PS homopolymer.
The materi- als chosen are poly(methyl methacrylate) (PMMA) and polystyrene (PS) homopolymers and copoly- mers, and a range of techniques were used to assess compatibility.
Five percent POSScoPMMA and 5% POS- ScoPS were used as compatibilizer in PS/PMMA25 and PS/PMMA75 systems, respectively.
Although the copolymer of POSS and PS was immiscible with PS, it was corresponding blend of POS- found that ScoPMMA with PMMA homopolymer showed some degree of compatibility, with strong shifts in the glass transition temperature on blending and no clear phase separation from SEM images, de- spite POSScoPMMA being of a particularly high molecular weight.
Physical incompatibilities resulted when linezolid injection was combined with five of the drugs: amphotericin B, chlorpromazine hydrochloride, diazepam, pentamidine isethionate, and phenytoin sodium.
 LST exhibits a good chemical compatibility with SDC and LSGM.
LST exhibits a good chemical compatibility with SDC and Mg/Sr-doped lanthanum gallate (LSGM).
The chemical compatibility between LST, LSGM, and SDC was studied.
These results indicate that LST has a good chemical compatibility with SDC.
Therefore, the LST has excellent chemical compatibility with LSGM as an anode material.
Box 451, 02080 Albacete, Spain Keywords: Prunus dulcis, almond, clonal selection, flowering time, cross-compatibility Abstract ‘Marcona’ and ‘Desmayo Largueta’ are the most widely cultivated almonds in Spain, representing around 30% of the cultivated surface with 200.000 ha.
Thus, it would be interesting to find other genotypes with overlapping flowering times, and similar fruit characteristics and ripening times, which are cross-compatible with ‘Marcona’ and ‘Desmayo Largueta’.
They are cross compatible (Ortega et al., 2006), but in most locations their flowering times do not overlap, resulting in pollination problems and, consequently, in a reduced production.
The aim of this work was to study cross-compatibility and flowering times of ‘Marcona’ and ‘Desmayo Largueta’ type almond accessions from “Instituto Técnico Agronómico Provincial de Albacete” (ITAP), to asses their possible use as pollenizers of these important cultivars.
In addition, ITAP-1 had an anomalous behaviour since it was cross compatible with ‘Marcona’ only when it was used as the pollenizer, but not when it was pollinated, indicating this could be a case of unilateral incompatibility.
So among the ‘Marcona-types’ cross-compatible with ‘Marcona’, only ITAP-4 would be a good pollinator, because its flowering time and cross-compatibility.
Inspired by cosmetics and pesticides, the good compatibility between the hydrophilic separation layer and the hydrophobic PDMS surface was achieved via the synergistic effect of a variety of surfactants and thickener.
An important factor that can lead to the incompatibility of the xPON and RoF systems is the analogue nature of the video signal, often transmitted in xPONs using the 1550 – 1560 nm band.
The use of resistant sorghum varieties compatible with Fusarium oxysporum f.sp.
Breeding sorghum varieties for farmer-preferred traits, resistance to Striga infestation and compatibility with FOS would make a major contribution to the sorghum yields of farmers in the semi-arid parts of Tanzania.
This could be explained by the genotypes being not compatible with FOS and thus there was less colonization of FOS in the rhizosphere and therefore high Sh populations.
The lower seed yield and increased number of Striga associated with some sorghum varieties were due to incompatibility of the genotypes with FOS (Ciotola et al.
We decided to investigate the stability of aztreonam in biocompatible PDFs, including neutral pH, low glucose degradation product (GDP) fluids and icodextrin for some reasons.
Symbiotic proteins were identiﬁed upon comparative proteomic analysis for the strain grown in media matching compatible, incompatible, and non-host-plant respectively, signaling systems, corresponding, myrtifolia, Alnus glutinosa, and Cucumis melo RE.
Root Exudates Alter the Frankia coriariae BMG5.1 Proteogenome RE derived from BMG5.1-compatible (C. myrtifolia), BMG5.1- incompatible (A. glutinosa), and the non-actinorhizal (C. melo) host plants diﬀer both qualitatively and quantitatively (Badri and Vivanco, 2009).
Intermediate ethanol blends infrastructure materials compatibility study: elastomers, metals, and sealants.
we have a fully compatible B.
On the basis of DSC results, sitagliptin was found to be compatible with micro crystalline cellulose, cro- scarmellose, and pregelatinized starch.
The mechanical properties of the PTT/PBAT blend were improved significantly by the addition of nano-TiO2, which suggests nano-TiO2 acts as both compatibilizer and reinforcing agent.
Therefore, these results indicated that the compatibility of PVA/RSF was improved effectively by the addition of nano-SiO2.
In this study, PVA/RSF blend ﬁlms were prepared by adding nano-SiO2, in which nano-SiO2 was employed to link PVA and RSF molecules to improve the compatibility of PVA and RSF.
In our work, this phenomenon does not occur, indicating that RSF and PVA are compatible to some extent.
With the addition of nano-SiO2, Tg of PVA/RSF/nano- SiO2 (1.0 wt %) blend ﬁlms at low temperature region shifts towards high temperature from about 78 °C to about 95 °C, and Tg at high-temperature region shifts towards low temperature from about 187 °C to about 179 °C indi- cating the improved compatibility shown in Fig.
It is believed that this approach can be extended to improve the compatibility of other polymers containing groups, such as hydroxyl, car- boxyl, and amino groups.
Moreover, PVAC selectively wetted with the TMS enhances interface compatibility with Li anodes and high-voltage LiCoO2 cathodes.
Therefore, it can be inferred that the improved cathode interfacial compatibility also stems from selectively Adv.
He has specialized in researching energy-efﬁcient lighting products, including electronic ballasts, ﬂuorescent and HID lamps, lamp/ballast system compatibility, and luminaires.
An analysis of hybrid sterility in rice using a diallel cross of 21 parents involving indica, japonica and wide compatibility varieties.
The high level of wide compatibility of variety ‘Dular’ has a complex genetic basis.
Using the standard morphological criteria (e.g., fluffy, crustose) to assess the pairings, A. sinapina exhibited the fol lowing compatibility levels: 68% with itself, 5.5% with A. cepistipes, 3.5% with NABS X, and 5% with NABS XI, respectively.
Armillaria cepistipes was rated 53%, 6.5%, and 57% compatible with itself and NABS X and XI, respectively.
NABS XI was 55% selfcompatible.
Also, they reported partial compatibility between A. cepistipes and two collec tions of NABS XI, a group that they had described from British Columbia.
The objective of the study reported here was to define the incompatibility groups that exist in the closely related species A. cepistipes, A. sinapina, NABS X, and NABS XI.
Inter species pairings in Set B isolates were 1-9% compat ible except for the A. cepistipes-NABS XI combina tion, which exhibited 46% and 39% compatibility in each replicate (TABLE II).
Based on the primary ratings, all interspecies pair ings, except those between NABS XI and A. cepistipes, exhibited much lower rates of compatibility than those observed within species.
‘Katy’, a natural self-compatible cultivar belonging to the European ecotype group, was used as a useful material for breeding new cultivars with high frequency of self-compatibility by hybridizing with Chinese native cultivars.
Nevertheless, the compatibility of cork HDSS could be improved by adding a suitable dose of a chemical accelerator.
At the concentrations studied, do­ butamine hydrochloride - and dopamine hydro­ chloride were visually incompatible when mixed with acyclovir sodium.
However, the biofunctionalized QDs are not as compatible as organic fluorophores with many buffers.
However, the realization of ambipolar, broadband, and room- temperature graphene–quantum dot phototransistors with complementary metal–oxide–semiconductor (CMOS) compatibility remains challenging.
As a result, a distinct gate-tuneable mutual transfor- mation of positive and negative photoresponse can be detected with a gate-bias of less than 3.3 V, which has the potential for on-chip low-power optical data communications and is in compatible with CMOS ROIC technologies.
Thus PMMA may compatibilize the incompatible PC/Poly(vinylidene ﬂuoride) [24] or the PC/ABS blend [25].
UFH in 40% ethanol was not compatible, whatever the UFH concentration used.
In Enox/ethanol solutions for an ethanol content of 40%, compatibility was observed at all Enox concentrations from 50 to 1,200 U/ml.
For a 45% ethanol content, compatibility was observed when Enox concentration was  100 U/ml.
As estimated by equations, the limits of compati- bility of heparins in 40% ethanol were 1,350 U/ml for Enox, 575 U/ml for nadroparin, 307 U/ ml for dalteparin, and 207 U/ml for tinzaparin.
For 45% ethanol, compatibility was observed at danaparoid concentrations up to 200 U/ml.
Our results indicate that UFH cannot be mixed with 40% ethanol owing to incompatibility.
To the best of our knowledge, the compatibility of LMWHs/ethanol mixing solu- tions has not been previously documented.
Third, the sta- bility of IAAs in ethanol and the concordance between compatibility and stability were only determined with Enox400/ethanol solutions.
Of the LMWHs, enoxaparin exhibited the highest solubility and compatibility in 40% ethanol.
However, the hydrophilic nature of Na-Mt is compatible only with hydrophilic polymers.
In order to monitor the compatibility of hydrophobic polymers, Na-Mt modiﬁed with cationic surfactants such as quaternary ammonium, primary am- monium, phosphonium, pyridinium, imidazolium and stibonium sur- factants is utilized (Ray and Okamoto, 2003; Ha and Xanthos, 2009).
It seems that PVP-Mt is compatible with PET, PBT and PMMA polymers.
While, PEG-Mt is compatible only with PET and PBT polymers; the compatibility can be explained with the presence of glycol groups and ester bonds in polymers.
Only Etho-Mt, which has functional ethoxylated groups seems incompatible with polyoleﬁn polymers, and has compatibility with Nylon 6.
Due to functional ethoxylated groups, both Cloisite 30B and Etho-Mt is expected to be compatible with polyester polymers.
From the surface energy data given in Table 4, the PVP-Mt is compatible with PBT.
A study of species in the genus Passer in southern Europe revealed a case of hybrid speciation that appears to be driven by mitonuclear incompatibilities (Hermansen et al.
channels in order to operate compatibly.
(1992) showed in laboratory and field experiments that 20 to 30 mg of tiamulin/kg of feed and 60 mg of salinomycin/ kg sustain maximum growth of broilers, which were in- fected with M. gallisepticum and are therefore compati- bile at these levels.
We investigated mating patterns, female fecundity, and siring success of style-length morphs in Narcissus papyraceus, a self- incompatible but morph-compatible species with dimorphic (long- and short-styled) and monomorphic (long-styled) populations in central and north regions of its range, respectively.
Self-compatibility in distylous Cryptantha flava (Borag- inaceae).
They are obviously highly incompatible.
Because it is so highly compatible and soluble itself, it acts as an effective agent for bring ing normally unfriendly materials together in solu tion.
Phase compatibility was evaluated via two routes: 1.
chemical compatibility between BaZrO3 and the candidate cathode materials.
Conclusions It has been shown that the perovskites and perovskite-related materials LaMO3 (M = Mn, Fe, Co) and La2NiO4 show good chemical compatibility with the well known BaZrO3 proton conducting electrolyte material.
Based on the B0 distor- tion coefﬁcient, the type B and C electrodes showed the greatest MR compatibility.
Maximiano et al.25 applied a variety of techniques, including DSC, FTIR and p-XRD, to evaluate the compatibility of the drug (benznidazole, BNZ) with excipients hydroxyethylcellulose, polyethylene glycol, and hydroxypropyl-beta-cyclodextrin.
It was found that the compatibility of APP in PP matrix significantly got better due to the loading of the cyclotriphosphazene derivative APESP, compared with the loading of gamma-aminopropyltriethoxysilane (APES) or hexachlorocyclotriphosphazene.
The larger area of S reflects that the mixture of DOX and histidine exhibits better compatibility.
In our work, the pH conditions and the number of pH-sensitive residues (histidine) can affect remarkably the compatibility between DOX and DHA-HisXLys10.
Staven et al [11] investigated the compatibil- ity of 5 mg/mL MTZ solution combined with Olimel N5E in the ratio of 1 + 5 (v/v), 1 + 1 (v/v), 3 + 1 (v/v) and with Numeta G16E in the ratio of 1 + 8 (v/v), 1 + 1 (v/v), 6 + 1 (v/v).
So Bucharest and truck are mutually compatible with a degree of 1.
An epoxy–silane cou- pling agent is employed to improve the organic compati- bility of silica in EpSi–B nanocomposites.
The overall silica content is varied between 0 and 20 wt%, while an epoxy–silane coupling reagent, i.e., (3-glycidoxypropyl)trimethoxysilane (GLY- MO), is employed to institute covalent connections among two phases and to enhance the organic compatibility of silica.
The Tg of the EpSi-B nanocomposites is substantially higher than their EpSi-A analogue with similar silica loadings, which is attributed to the organic compatibility of silica.
At low temperatures the system is compatible.
Vegetative compatibility among isolates of Colletotrichum gloeosporioides from Yam (Dioscorea spp.)
Heterocaryon incompatibility in Aspergillus flavus.
Distinguishing characteristics and vegetative compatibility of Colletotrichum kahawae in comparison with other related species from coffee.
Immobilization exploits the use of vapor-based poly-p-xylylenes, which exhibit excellent biocompatibility and wide applicability for various substrate materials.
Otherwise, A and B are incompatible.
Otherwise, A and B are incompatible.
Thus, A and B are compatible.
This makes Si Ge incompatible for segmentation with the other thermoelectric materials.
These results indicated that the addition of the antimony trioxide was favorable to help the hexabromocyclo- dodecane to improve the compatibility of the bisphenol F epoxy resin with liquid oxygen.
Polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) and Viton fluoroelastomers were used as controls for null and high swelling cases, as PTFE is known to have excellent chemical resistance and Viton has poor compatibility with esters and polar organic solvents.
Nicoletti and Umiltà also ex- amined the relative magnitudes of the compatibility ef- fects for the horizontal and the vertical dimensions.
We explored the production of hybrids via a single cross between pin and homostyle involving the use of the self-incompatibility of pin plant.
These results suggest that our methodology for heterosis breeding of buckwheat can be used to obtain high-yielding self-compatible hybrid cultivars.
Results showed that incompatibility exists between different cultivar–rootstock combinations.
It was concluded that the cultivar is compatible with 110 R, 41 B and 161-49.
The number of incompatible combinations was high in PER enzyme system.
There were compatible combinations as well as the incompatible ones.
Inclusion of well known incompatible combinations, such as V. rotundifolia (cv.
Peroxidase isoenzyme proﬁles in compatible and incompatible pear-quince graft combinations.
Protein and amino acid content in compatible and incompatible peach/plum grafts.
The incompatible heterograft between Sedum telephoides and Solanum pennel/ii.
Ganciclovir 10 mg/mL in ST dextrose injection was visually incompatible with TPN solution under these conditions.
Isolates of F, oxysporum are vegetatively compat- ible with one another and belong to the same vegetative compatibility group (VCG) if they are able to fuse and form a stable heterokaryon (Puhalla, 1985), This ability can be visualised by pairing complementary auxotrophic mutants, unable to utilize nitrate, on a medium containing 840 C, Aloi & R, P, Baayen nitrate as the sole nitrogen source.
Only veget- atively compatible isolates will be able to form stable heterokaryons in wild-type growth where the two mutant colonies come into contact.
The observed vegetative compatibility between isolates from Israel and the Netherlands in VCG FO-1.
Vegetative compati- bility and self-incompatibility within Fmarium oxy- sporum f.sp.
Discussion The two Agropyron species used in these investiga- tions are generally unaffected by environmental conditions during a normal flowering season, since they are self-compatible, highly adapted and in- digenous to the area.
Several species of Aegilops L. which were investigated showed generally low cross-compatibility, particu- larly diploid species such as Ae.
Results of this analysis indicate that the experimental group's satisfac- tion differed across Time as a function of their leadership and compatibility.
Fifteen isolates of F. oxy- sporum were classiﬁed on the basis of vegetative compatibility (the ability to form heterokaryons).
asparagi into vegetatively compatible groups.
Polyethylene-graft-maleic anhy- dride serves as a compatibilizer between two immiscible polymer blends.
found that caﬀeine citrate, clindamycin, enalaprilat, epinephrine, ﬂuconazole, fosphenytoin, hydrocortisone, metoclopramide and midazolam were compatible with a locally compounded neonatal lipid-free PN solution for up to 3 h in a simulated Y-site injection.
Amiodarone, pentobarbital, phenobarbital, and rifampin were not compatible with the neonatal PN solution.
Results Thirteen combinations were identified as compatible by HPLC-DAD.
Because RHLC and ﬁbroin both are the excellent biocompatible natu- ral proteins, they interacted with each other in aque- ous solution to restrain the unwanted ﬁbroin aggrega- tion.
Sexual competitiveness and compatibility between mass reared sterile ﬂies and wild populations of Anastrepha ludens (Diptera: Tephritidae) from differ- ent regions in Mexico.
It is possibly attribute to the low strength of EVA and the enhancing compatibility of PP and LDPE owing to the existence of EVA.
studied HDPE / LDPE blends and found that due to the differences in molecular structure, the crystallization behavior and rheological properties of LDPE and HDPE are vastly different, which results in poor compatibility [7-8].
This may be due to the influence of the mPE-g-G/A on the interface of rPE and LDPE, which enhances compatibility due to the entanglement of long-chain branches and an increase in interfacial force.
Variation in structure of rPE and LDPE results in poor compatibility between the polymers.
Keywords light conversion agent, Eu (III), compatibility, luminescence 1 Introduction Light conversion agents with Europium (III) Eu (III) have been extensively investigated, due to the unique luminescence, including hypersensitivity to the coordination environment, narrow bandwidth, and long lifetime of Eu (III) ions.
Furthermore, as an important con- stituent of polyethylene (PE) light-ecological greenhouse ﬁlm, the compatibility of the light conversion agent and PE cannot be ignored.
It shows an equal size and homogeneous distribution of the Eu (III) complex in PE; the result proves that the composition and structure of the Eu (III) complex is beneﬁcial in improving the compatibility of the Eu (III) complex and PE.
However the operators are incompatible.
In 1984, he joined the Brazilian telecommuni- cation operator (Telebr´as), where he worked with electrical protection, electromagnetic compatibility, and safety.
It was stated that this combina- tion was compatible up to 63°C, with gas generation observed at higher temperatures.
The two combinations, stainless steel and ammonia, and aluminum and ammonia, were found to show long-term compatibility.
The objective of this study was to determine the genetic basis of wide- compatibility conferred by ‘Dular’, a landrace variety from India that has demonstrated a high level of wide- compatibility in previous studies with a broad range of indica and japonica varieties.
408 It has been repeatedly reported that ‘Dular’, a land- race variety from India, has both a wide compatible spectrum and a high level of compatibility as it pro- duces highly fertile hybrids when crossed to a wide range of indica and japonica varieties (Pan et al.
Although cultivated B. napus is a self-compatible species, SI lines can be generated by interspeciﬁc hybridization between B. oleracea and B. napus [2] or resynthesis from B. oleracea and B. rapa [3].
It is easy to operate and low-cost, and thus has been used to propagate SI lines for producing hybrid seeds in B. oleracea and B. rapa for a long time, and recently in B. napus, which has sped up hybrid breeding by self-incompatibility in Brassica.
In recent years, omics technologies have played an increasingly important role in uncovering the self-incompatibility mechanism in B. napus.
In this study, phenotypic observations of pollen tube elongation and pod seed-set showed that 650~1450 mM edible salt solution could signiﬁcantly break the self-incompatibility of B. napus.
Using chemical methods to overcome self-incompatibility of Brassica napus.
Neither compatible nor self-incompatible pollinations of Brassica napus involve reorganization of the papillar cytoskeleton.
aPP-g-MAH was then introduced to PP and PP/Nylon 6 (PP/Ny6) as a nucleation and compatibility agent, respectively.
These findings reveal that aPP-g-MAH is a good nucleation and compatibility agent in PP/Ny6 blends.
In addition, the compatibility between PP and Ny6 could be greatly enhanced by aPP-g-MAH additive.
Blood compatibility of polypropylene can effectively be improved by grafting with the following monomers: vinyl acetate and subsequent reaction to polyvinylalcohol, N-vinyl-N-methyl acetamide, ethenesulfonyl chloride and ethenesulfonic acid salts, vinylene carbonate and subsequent reaction to polyhydroxymethylene, and fluorinated acrylate.
Controlled self-pollination in the field confirmed that ‘Tsechelidis’ exhibited a degree of hermaphroditism and self- compatibility.
Stable her- maphrodite varieties of kiwifruit, with a degree of self-compatibility, would be useful to overcome dioecy and, hence, have been an objective in breeding programmes on Actinidia species.
express self-compatibility) using agronomic, cytoge- netic, and molecular approaches.
Results in the second growing season that developed into fruit) confirmed the expression of self-compatibility in ‘Tsechelidis’.
Madrid-Ca´ diz, km 396, 14071 Co´ rdoba, Spain The population structure of Sclerotium rolfsii from autumn-sown sugar beet crops in Mediterranean-type climate regions of Chile, Italy, Portugal and Spain was determined by analyses of mycelial compatibility groups (MCGs) and pathogenicity to 11 economically important plant species.
The variability of mycelial compatibility among S. rolfsii populations occurring in particular geographic regions or speciﬁc crops has also been demonstrated.
Genetic variation among Sclerotium isolates from Benin and South Africa, determined using mycelial compatibility and ITS rDNA sequence data.
cepae from onion in Turkey based on vegetative compatibility and rDNA RFLP analysis.
Cluster among isolates and mycelial compatibility groups of Sclerotium cepivorum and cultivars of onion (Allium cepa).
Mycelial compatibility groups in Texas peanut ﬁeld populations of Sclerotium rolfsii.
Classiﬁcation of strains of Fusarium oxysporum on the basis of vegetative compatibility.
The cool summer 1996 in Siberia favoured the pseudo-compatibility, so that more than 50‘%, of plants have at least one or more seeds derived by self-fertilization.
However, the negative influence of ADH-P on pseudo-compatibility cannot be due to differences in competitive ability of Adh-P+ and Adh-P- pollen, because the Adh-P+ plants are heterozygotes with half of their pollen grains being normal and sufficient in pollination.
S proteins control rejection of incompatible pollen in Petunia inflata.
S-RNase-based self-incompatibility in Petunia inflata.
Identification of differentially expressed genes in pistils from self-incompatible Citrus reticulata by suppression subtractive hybridization.
The F-Box protein AhSLF-S-2 controls the pollen function of S-RNase-based self-incompatibility.
EEF1A is an S-RNase binding factor in self- incompatible Solanum chacoense.
Allele-specific PCR detection of sweet cherry self- incompatibility alleles S-3, S-4 and S-9 using consensus and allele-specific primers in the Czech Republic.
Self-compatible peach (Prunus persica) has mutant versions of the S haplotypes found in self-incompatible Prunus species.
Dissection of the style's response to pollination using transcriptome profiling in self-compatible (Solanum pimpinellifolium) and self-incompatible (Solanum chilense) tomato species.
We studied the visual compatibility of fent- anyl citrate and PN solu- tions.
The usual way to enhance the compatibility of polypropylene blends is by adding compatibiliz- ers, such as poly(styrene-block-ethylene/buty- glycidylmethacrylate-grafted lene) polypropylene (PP-g-GMA),5 and maleic anhy- dride–grafted polypropylene (PP-g-MAH),6 or by pretreating inorganic ﬁllers with silane-contain- ing additives.
The necessity of an interaction be- tween the UV-irradiated PP and STC, which en- hances the compatibility of PP–STC blends, is possibly the reason for the enhancement of the thermal stability of the UV-irradiated PP–STC blends.
Through studies of DSC, TG, TMA, WAXD, SEM, the mechanical properties and melt index measurements, it has been demonstrated that UV-irradiated polypro- pylene does enhance the compatibility of the PP– Figure 4 Melt index versus UV time of PP–STC (80 : 20) blends.
Of those, 34% of the combinations were found to be incompatible, 20% were found to be “Cautionary,” and 46% were found to be compatible.
The effect of some pear and apple inoculations on the growth and compatibility <>f a number of Pyrus and related genera has been examined by the inoculation of 20 species in the genera Pyrus, Pyronia, Sorbopyrus, by buds from different apples and pears of known virus content.
I S 24 2S 21 23 24 All treatments, including controls, proved incompatible on Pynu communis seedlings C, chlorotic leaf spot virus; B, blister canker virus; M, ring pattern mosaic virus; V, vein yellows/red mottle virus; R, rubbery wood virus.
The results here show that the compatibility of some Pyrus species and dessert pears can be affected by several viruses.
It is probable that some of the incompatibility and variability between Pyrus communis seedlings and pear varieties grafted on them is due to the presence of blister canker or other pear viruses carried in the scion.
Front NVG filtering can be customized to supplement inadequate dimming range on COTS displays to gain NVG compatibility.
The vis- cosity of n-hexanol even at low blend levels was too great to be compatible with aviation kerosene, this was also found to be the case for n-butanol.
In conclusion, our data suggest that com- mercial preparations of teicoplanin are more compatible with HUVEC than preparations of vancomycin.
used microcalorimetry to explore the thermal difference among Aconiti Lateralis Radix Praeparata (ALRP) and its compatibility with different ginger pro- cessed products.
Polygala tenuifolia compatibility with Magnolia ofﬁcinalis in 1:2 group samples of The compatibility were prepared with P. tenuifolia and the twice concentration of M. ofﬁcinalis accordingly to fomulate the ﬁnal concentrations of 0, 150, 300, 600, 1200, 2400, 4800 lg mL-1.
Previous report demonstrated that the compatibility of P. tenuifolia and M. ofﬁcinalis could signiﬁcantly regulate the digestvie 123 (a) 240 210 J m Q / 180 150 120 0 300 600 900 1200 1500 1800 C/µg mL–1 J.
The compatible products are thus identical in non-network charac- teristics.
In region III, the network is not very selective and there is compatibility.
In region IV, the network is selective and there is incompatibility.
It demonstrates the good compatibility between GPS and QZSS in RTK, which beneﬁts from the identical frequency on L1, L2 and L5 signals.
EVA and PMMA, are chemically incompatible polymers and when blended cause phase separation.
The Australian and Indonesian strains of C. monosti cha, which were entirely compatible with each other, produced fertile F, tetrasporophytes in the presence of a male C. con tin ua ssp.
The coated NVP-DVB polymers over the pure Fe3O4 can solve the problem of the rough surface of Fe3O4 NPs and improve the interface compatibility between the inorganic Fe3O4 NPs and the organic self-healing polymers.
3C, which is beneficial to the compatibility between the inorganic Fe3O4 NPs and the organic self-healing polymers.
Due to the formation of hydrogen bonds and van der Waals bonds between diﬀerent ele- ments of PLA chains and PBS chains, the PLA/PBS blends exhibit good compatibility at all composition ratios.
Conclusion We employed molecular dynamics and mesoscopic dynamics to study the compatibility of the PLA/PBS blends with various composition ratios.
SUMMARY Artificially selected diploids of Coprinus lagopus when mated in compatible combinations, either together or with haploids, produce dikaryotic mycelia which are typical of normal haploid-haploid dikaryons.
B3B6+B2B3 produce fully compatible and normal dikaryons.
Binary modiﬁcation of EUG with two TADs containing hexyl and polyhedral oligomeric silsesquioxane (POSS) groups were conducted to generate the modiﬁed EUG elastomers with tunable mechanical properties and good compatibility by varying TAD con- tents.
Our observation in red clover suggests that breeders can increase seed yield in tetraploid red clover by selecting and crossing self- compatible genotypes.
It has been reported that PVDF and P(VDF-TrFE) show compatibility with oxygen content poly- mers [39], [40].
However, 10 drugs exhibited incompatibil­ ity with amifostine.
Further, most of these compatible combinations were determined to be essen­ tially without haze, with turbidity of <0.1 NTU.
compatible with most of the drugs tested for four hours at 23 °C.
Methylnaphthylketone can be used to replace methyl anthranilate to avoid this incompatiblity.
Finally, heparin and insulin were admixed with the pro­ tein-carbohydrate solution containing maximum compatible concentrations of calcium and phosphate, along with other electrolytes and vitamins.
In preparation of the references for the calcium/phosphate series with the vitamin additives, it was found that concen­ trations of electrolytes compatible in the PH/D are incom­ patible in aqueous solution.
Based on this evidence, M.V.I, and Solu B Forte are probably compatible with protein hydrolysate/dextrose/calcium/ phosphate mixtures.
The electrolytes containing FEC also exhibit high electrochemical compatibility on hard carbon anode, showing high reversible capacity and excellent cycling performance.
It can be seen that adding additives can improve the compatibility of PC- based electrolytes and Na metal.
On the other hand, because trans- decahydronaphthalene has a high viscosity (2.27 mPa·s) and a low compatibility with acetonitrile, the C60 M=NCs are not crystal solvates.
It was found that OSDOA- modiﬁed asphalts have superior storage stability, and OSDOA is compatible with base asphalt due to its similar chemical composition and low ash content.
In addi- tion, it is inferred that the OSDOA is compatible with petroleum asphalt due to its similar chemical composition and low ash con- tent.
This demonstrates that the base asphalt K and OSDOA have excellent compatibility due to the abundant aromatics and resins.
has already reported that an anticancer drug daunorubicin (DNR) reduces its neurotoxicity and becomes a more biocompatible & bio secure when it is conjugated with Fe3O4 nanoparticles16.
Oliveira NT, Biaggio SR, Rocha-Filho RC, Bocchi N. Electrochemical studies on zirconium and its biocompatible alloys Ti-50Zr at.% and Zr-2.5Nb wt% in simulated physiologic media.
At both temperatures, all mixtures can be considered as phys- ically compatible since no evidence of incompatibility—that is precipita- tion, turbidity, colour change or opacity and gas production—were observed.
Therefore, combined applications of C. javanica (1 × 108 conidia/mL) and E. hayati is a more eﬀective and compatible biological control strategy for management of B. tabaci than using either of them individually.
Bogdanova VS, Kosterin OE, Yadrikhinskiy AK (2014) Wild peas vary in their cross-compatibility with cultivated pea (Pisum sativum subsp.
Pollen factors controlling self-incompatibility strength in Japanese pear.
We staged intra- and inter-specific sexual encounters in order to assay the extent of sexual compatibility between two populations of D. imitator.
In conclusion, Desmognathus imitator and D. ochrophaeus are two species which are both electrophoretically distinct and sexually incompatible.
This strategy was then used to study the physical and chemical compatibility of morphine HCl with alizapride HCl, atropine sulphate, dexamethasone sodium phosphate, hyoscine butylbromide, metoclopramide HCl, octreotide lactate, ranitidine HCl and hyoscine hydrobromide.
The mixture is considered chemically compatible if it con- tains more than 90% of morphine HCl and drug.
In tomato, flubendiamide and chlorantraniliprole (IOBC category 1) were compatible with N. tenuis, but chlorpyrifos-methyl and spinosad (IOBC categories 2–3), which effectively reduced Tuta absoluta (Meyrick) (Lepidoptera: Gelechiidae) density, compromised its predatory activity.
In sweet pepper, chlorantraniliprole (IOBC category 1) was the only pesticide compatible with O. laevigatus while chlorantraniliprole, emamectin benzoate, spirote- tramat and pymetrozine were harmless (IOBC category 1) to Amblyseius swirskii, and sulfoxaflor slightly harmful (IOBC category 2) to this phytoseiid predator.
Therefore, despite the ability of NE to control several pests with simultaneous outbreaks in the crop, chemical treatments are often some- times needed to maintain key and secondary pest popu- lations under economic thresholds and the ascertaining of their compatibility is crucial for success.
Some formulations and concentrations of methoxyfenozide, chlorantranilip- role, flonicamid, spiromesifen, and sulfur have been found to be compatible with A. swirskii and O. laevigatus (Bielza et al., 2009; Colomer et al., 2011; G´azquez et al., 2011; Gradish et al., 2011).
Chlorantraniliprole, very selective to Orius species O. insidiosus (Say) and O. armatus (Gross) (Gradish et al., 2011; Broughton et al., 2013), was compatible with O. laevigatus and A. swirskii (IOBC 1).
In agreement with literature, two applications of the rest of the tested pesti- cides were compatible with A. swirskii.
(2011) Field trial measuring the compatibility of methoxyfenozide and flonicamid with Orius laevigatus Fieber (Hemiptera: Anthocoridae) and Amblyseius swirskii (Athias-Henriot) (Acari: Phytoseiidae) in commercial pepper greenhouse.
However, the turbidity was essentially- unchanged over four hours; therefore, none of the combinations was considered to be incompatible.
Overall, com- patibility of excipients with nateglinide was successfully evaluated using a combination of thermal and IST meth- ods and the formulations developed using the compati- ble excipients were found to be stable.
It was concluded that NTG was compatible with talc.
The compatibility of cellulose esters with poly(lactic acid) (PLA) and biopolyethylene (bio-PE) was also tested.
The Compatibility of Cellulose Esters with PLA and Bio-PE The compatibility of cellulose C16 and cellulose C8 with PLA and bio-PE was also tested.
The Compatibility of Cellulose Esters with PLA and Bio-PE The compatibility of cellulose C16 and cellulose C8 with PLA and bio-PE was also tested.
The compatibility between bio-PE and cellulose ester matrices seems to be better than that between PLA and cellulose esters.
The compatibility between bio-PE and cellulose ester matrices seems to be better than that between PLA and cellulose esters.
The compatibility of these cellulose esters with PLA and bio-PE with different molar ratios was also tested.
Type B incompatible interactions between geographically different isolates of the AM fungus G. mosseae.
Intraspeciﬁc variation in two species of Suillus from Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) forests based on somatic incompatibility and isozyme analyses.
Viton has large impor- tance in industrial life: it is compatible with a wide variety of chemicals, in wide range of temperature and has excellent aging characteristics.
Based on our soaking experiments we set up a compatibility table for Viton, NBR and EPDM O-rings for the selected sol- vents.
The bifenthrin based termiticide was compatible with 6 of the 8 PF-resins tested at the concentrations examined.
Zinc borate (ZnB) with a flow agent such as polyethelyne glycol (PEG) is fairly compatible with PF resin (Lee et al.
The fungicides were generally less compatible than the termiticides with 5 of the resins for F1 and 7 of the eight PF-resins for F2, producing thin films of precipitates on the surface of the mixtures.
Based on this observation, it was concluded that these fungicidal formulations (which appear to contain at least 70% water), are fundamentally incompatible with pMDI-resin.
The GP70CR66 is also compatible up to a concentration of 12 µg/mg.
Se-haplotype confers self-compatibility in Japanese plum (Prunus salicina Lindl.).
DNA-based S-genotyping of Japanese plum and pluot cultivars to clarify incompatibility relationships.
Moreover, the compatibilities of PVB-g-4#GAP with the energetic compo- nents of TNT-based melt explosives (HMX, RDX, TNT and TATB) were studied by using the non-isothermal DSC meth- od.
These new energetic polymers have good thermal stabilities and have feasible compatibilities with various explosives, such as TNT, HMX and TATB.
It consists of a high-end internet backbone and off-the-shelf IEEE 1451 compatible smart components.
The results obtained from the thermoanalytical compatibility between ferulic acid and the following excipients: passion fruit seed oil, Carbopol Ultrez 30, EDTA, Crodabase CR2 RM 2051.
To validate these results, it was demonstrated by Pearson’s correlation that passion fruit seed oil, Car- , CrodamolTM bopol GTCC, Dow Corning RM 2051, glyceryl stearate and Rapithix A-60 do not have any incompatibility that may compromise ferulic acid properties.
passion fruit seed oil, Carbopol Ultrez 30 and EDTA showed correlation value very close to one (r = 1), which ensure the compatibility between FA and these excipients.
However, the excipients glyceryl stearate, Rapithix A-60 and Optiphen would be possibly altering the phys- ical and chemical properties of the active ingredient due to some incompatibility phenomena.
incompatibility occurs when mix- ing two drugs changes the poten- cy of their active ingredients.
For exam- ple, the antibiotics chloramphenicol and penicillin aren’t compatible; chlor- amphenicol reportedly antagonizes penicillin’s antibacterial effects.
Because of pH differences, addi- tives such as potassium chloride and multivitamins can be incompatible with many medications.
The MODIS-versus-AVHRR/3 red bands also showed good compatibility for all levels of atmospheric correction.
Among the atmospheric correction schemes examined, the TOC NDVI showed the highest compatibility across the VIIRS, MODIS, AVHRR/3, and AVHRR/2 bandpasses.
The Finnish experience, particularly during the presidency of Urho Kekkonen, gives us a taste of the role of a president in a premier- presidential regime in which there is neither a two-bloc division of the party system nor an expectation of presidential-cabinet compatibility.
Isoenzyme activities differ in com patible and incompatible Douglas-fir graft unions.
A struc tural study of an incompatible heterograft between Sedum telephoides (Crassulaceae) and Solanum pen nellii (Solanaceae).
The results for the elastomers indicate that DME and its blends with diesel fuel will offer improved compatibility with NBR and SBR materials.
In contrast, fluorocarbon can be expected to become increasingly incompatible with increased DME concentration.
Because DME does not readily break down into acids, as is the case with ethanol and butanol, it can be expected to be compatible with most metals and alloys.
Fluorocarbons are classified as high performance elastomers and have demonstrated excellent compatibility with many fuel types.
The implication is that NBR and SBR will, in fact, become more compatible with DME content (up to 100% DME).
Both NBR and SBR show improved compatibility with DME compared to diesel fuel.
The curves for PBT and POM are well within the low solubility to insoluble zone, and the indications are that these materials will also be highly compatible with DME and its diesel blends.
In contrast to the nylons, HDPE becomes more insoluble with increasing DME content, indicating excellent compatibility of this material with DME and its blends with diesel.
For elastomers, the results suggest that DME and its blends with diesel fuel will offer improved compatibility with NBR and SBR materials.
However, the mechanism behind the compatibility of six individual herbs within EXD is still unclear.
Heparin and labetalol were compatible over a range of concentrations.
Labetalol hydrochloride at very low concentrations (0.0625-0.125 mg/mL) appeared to be compatible with heparin sodium 75-200 units/mL.
The combination was compatible at nitro­ glycerin concentrations of >3.25 mg/mL.
For most of the incompatible combinations, there was a large difference in pH between the two drugs.
This study experimentally investigated the material compatibility for ORC systems with n-pentane, HFC245fa, hexamethyldisiloxane (MM), and HFE7100 as the test ﬂuids with cop- per and aluminum.
Gao et al.11 studied the compatibility of hexamethyldisiloxane (MM) with asbestos, fabroil, mica, and polytetraﬂuoroethylene at 150 C for 4 h. Their results showed that asbestos was partly dissolved by MM, while the other materials had good compati- bility with MM.
As ORC working ﬂuids, n-pentane and MM have better compatibility than HFC245fa and HFE7100.
The results showed that n-pentane and MM had acceptable compatibility with aluminum and copper with very small changes in the mass, hardness, and tensile strength.
The best compatibility between PTX and PTRP may be attributed to the large amount of ester group, amido bond, and benzene ring in both chemical structures.
Nefopam ⁄ omeprazole and nefopam ⁄ esomepraz- ole mixtures in bionolyte were physically incompatible with the mixtures exhibiting a black colour.
However, the nefo- pam ⁄ pantoprazole mixture was compatible over the study period, but with a reduced duration of the stability.
The nefopam ⁄ pantoprazole mixture was stable for a short period, while the nefopam ⁄ omeprazole and the nefopam ⁄ esomep- razole mixtures were incompatible and unusable, immediately upon admixture.
Like the nefopam ⁄ omeprazole mixture, that of nefopam ⁄ esomeprazole in bionolyte G5 injection is also physically incompatible.
The pH of the incompatible mixtures (nefopam ⁄ omeprazole and nefopam ⁄ esomepraz- ole) was not followed as the mixtures were useless.
When mixed, nefopam ⁄ omeprazole and nefo- pam ⁄ esomeprazole in bionolyte G5 injection are physically incompatible whatever be the storage conditions.
solutions and compatibility in the presence of dipotassium clorazepate.
Radial and Lorenz gauge We now show that the radial and Lorenz gauge are compatible, following steps similar to the ones above.
In Niger, the compatibility of S. haematobium with Bulinus truncatus and Bulinus senegal- ensis ranges between 71.5 and 85.9%, but B. globosus and B. forskalii are totally incompatible [54].
B. forskalii from Kinshasa and Zaïre, B. globosus from Rhodesia, Togo, and Cameroon have distinct compatibility with S. intercalatum from Cameroon and Kisangani.
Other Bulinus (B. cernicus from Mauritius, Bulinus africanus from Kenya and Tanzania, Bulinus nasutus, B. forskalii, B. truncatus and Bulinus natalensis) also have distinct compatibility with S. intercalatum [56,57].
All three strains of N. aperta from northeast Thailand were found to be compatible (infection rates of 3.0% for a-strain, 6.0% for b-strain, and 20.5% for g-strain) with an S. mekongi isolate from Kratié District and eastern Cambodia [58].
Geographic strains of S. Cambodia has low compatibility (0.14%) with S. mekongi japonicum and their Oncomelania snail hosts from six localities (Anhui in the east, Hubei in the center, Guangxi in the south, Sichuan in the west, Yunnan in the southwest, and Fujian in the southeast) in the mainland of China show different compatibilities with sympatric hosts compared to allopatric hosts [60,61].
S. intercalatum Cameroon is compatible with B. forskalii and incompatible with B. globosus, whereas S. intercalatum Zaire is compatible with B. globosus and incompatible with B. forskalii.
Solutions of 7 drugs (amikacin, furosemide, midazolam, mycophenolate mofetil, nicardipine, to- bramycin, and vancomycin) were visually incompatible with defibrotide solution.
SWCNTs/SBR mixtures with different func- tional groups have different temperature dependence of compatibility.
It was a member of compatibility group F1I.
JR66a, which determined I pili, mas incompatible with members of two distinct groups, I and B. Plasmids of both these groups were shown to determine I pili.
123 Interspeciﬁc incompatibility can effectively restrict leading to reduced introgression between hybridisation, species and maintenance of species boundaries.
Late-acting self-incompatibility has been identiﬁed in apparently phylogenetically distant families such as Apo- cynaceae, Bignoniaceae, Myrtaceae, Vochysiaceae and Winteraceae, and in several families of the orders Fabales, Liliales and Malvales (Gibbs and Bianchi 1999).
In the present study, the largely self- incompatible K. pomifera successfully hybridised with K. ambigua but not K. ericoides; this variation in response may be evidence that the interspeciﬁc barrier between K. ericoides and K. pomifera is likely to be functionally distinct from that of self-incompatibility in K. pomifera.
Self- incompatibility in the species was manifest as levels of fruit- and seed-set that were 6- and 44- times lower, respectively, than found in intraspeciﬁc crosses.
The high level of genetic compatibility between these species is highly signiﬁ- cant for the breeding of K. pomifera, since potentially useful variation in K. ambigua is readily accessible for breeding of improved cultivars of K. pomifera.
Mycelial incompatibility (barrage) is widespread in populations of B. cinerea (Beever and Parkes 2003; Delcan and Melgarejo 2002).
The high diversity of vegetative compatibility groups in A. flavus may be due to the influx of genetic variability through aerial spore dis- persal from infected corn and cotton.
Distribution of A. flavus isolates from soil (n = 53) and peanut seeds (n = 26) among vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs).
Distribution of isolates of A. tamarii types A and B from soil (n = 32 and 26, respectively) and peanut seeds (n = 2 and 6) among vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs).
Designated VCG tester strains of A. flavus, A. parasiticus, and A. tamarii were incompatible with each other in interspecific pairings.
Aspergillus tamarii types A and B, present in soil in nearly equal proportions, were also incompatible.
Heterokaryon self-in- compatibility in Gibberella fujikuroi (Fusarium monili?
Heterokaryon incompatibility in Aspergillus flavus.
Hence Midel EN and the silicone gel are not compatible.
The underlying physics of sig- niﬁ cantly reduced reactivity of the oxygen in G3 toward nucleo- philic attack on the SEs explains the compatibility or inertness of LiG3 with the SEs of LPS and LGPS.
SiameseNet utilizes a Siamese CNN to project two clothing items into a latent space to estimate their compatibility.
The compatibil- ity of plant extracts with B. bassiana might be due to inconsistent concentrations of phytoalexins, sulfurade, terpenoids, and triterpenoids compounds (Diepieri et al.
Moreover, all these products were compatible with the entomopathogenic fungus in the in vivo experiments, where each fungicides were applied together with B. bassiana on zucchini plants infested by whiteflies.
The availability of fungicides compatible with B. bassiana has a great agronomic relevance, since it allows a combined use of the entomopathogenic fungus and fungicides for the control of both insects and diseases in IPM programs.
When these cultivars were phenotypically evaluated, both showed a self-incompatible phenotype and were cross-incompatible, as assessed by artiﬁcial self- and cross-pollinations and fruit sets after ﬁeld pollinations, conﬁrming that their Sf-allele is in its active form, Sfa.
In an incompatible situation, the pistil RNases degrade the pollen RNA, thereby preventing pollen tube growth.
As a consequence, cases of cross- incompatibility have been found in several local cultivars (Felipe, 2000; Martı´nez-Garcı´a et al., 2009), resulting in reduced produc- tion.
Conclusion All approaches taken for determining the compatibility relationships in ‘Alzina’ and ‘Garonde` s’, such as pollen tube growth, fruit set after self-pollination, PCR analysis and sequencing of the S-RNase, conﬁrmed their self-incompatibility.
In fact the following pairs are the only ones reported to be highly compatible : poly(methy1 acrylate)/poly- (vinyl acetate) polystyrene/poly (0-methylstyrene), poly (methyl methacrylate)/nitrocellulose, and poly- (vinyl acetate) /nitrocellulose.
RESULTS AND INTERPRETATION On the basis of principles already discussed two polymers are considered incompatible at 25°C.
He found that for many three-monomcr combinations which formed two azeotropic copolymers, for example, acrylonitrile with both styrene and a-methylstyrene the compositions of monomer mixtures required to produce clear, compatible copolymers could be ascertained.
Thus, PAA and PILIAA are not compatibilized by the introduction into each of about 50 mole-yo of In DMF solutions at c = an acrylate monomer.
Kote that different coniposit.ions of the same two monomers can dif- fer greatly in solubility and can be incompatible.
Polymethacrylic acid and its sodium salts are also completely compatible at high concentration, e.g., c = 20.
Thus, the KaMA content does not effectively compatibilize PEA and I'MMA.
Apparently, the polyelectrolyte content of these polymers does not completely dominate their compatibility char- ac teristics.
Dobry and Boyer-Kawenoki3 found nitrocellulosc and cellulose acetate were incompatible in acetone but compatible in acetic acid.
They found also that poly(viny1 alcohol) and methyl cellulose are incompatible in aqueous solutions.
Thus, the two copolymers 45/53 EA-MA A and 47/53 MMA-MAA are incompatihle in methanol or ethanol but form homogeneous solutions in DMF or 1)lIS.
Both BM- and AN-Li3YBr6 are incompatible with Li, however, an annealing process can improve the electrochemical stability.
Both DFT simulation and experiment results confirmed that indium is incompatible with Li3YBr6.
To test the reproductive compatibility between cultivated and wild chicory, and their F1 hybrids, we let a mixture of cultivar, wild, and F1 plants ﬂower freely in an outdoor experiment, and determined the paternity of seeds produced by the wild and F1 mothers, using molecular (AFLP) markers and paternity analysis.
From SEM and weight change anal- ysis it can be seen that niobium is not compatible with LBE at 700 C.
On the other hand, niobium is not compatible with the LBE at 700 C.
We use strict compatibility, as well as a fractional compatibility scheme that measures the degree of compatibility between pairs of characters.
Comparing Tables 3 and 4, pfd-plasmids with short origins and one of them also carrying gene 2 (pfdA2/A8 and pfdC4) seem to be less compatible than pfdBll and pfdCl.
Outside this ränge, the species becomes generally compatible depending also on the other extractive variables including the ABR-value.
In 1984, he joined the Brazilian Telecommunica- tion Operator (Telebr´as), where he was engaged in electrical protection, electromagnetic compatibility, and safety.
It was found that the higher the propylene content in EPR is, the higher the compatibility of a PP/EPR polymer blend.
Our results suggest that the ethylene-propylene copoly- mer portion having the highest propylene content (69 wt%) acts as a “compatibilizer” between the propy- lene homopolymer portion and EPRl with a lower propylene content.
XRD results revealed that SBP and PVA are compatible, and that the addition of PVA reduces the crystallinity of SBP/PVA blends.
The results of compatibility showed that the selected binary mixtures of cochineal-weld have an excellent compatibility.
'Plumcot' can be vegetatively easily propagated and it is compatible with all the experimental cvs (except 'Beliana') tested.
For example, a 2:1 mixture of phenylmagnesium chloride and alumi- num trichloride (AlCl3) in tetrahydrofuran (THF) is incompatible with an electrophilic sulphur cathode.
Based on the NMR studies, the non-reactive nature of the electrolyte with sul- phur clearly demonstrates that the electrolyte is indeed non-nucle- ophilic and therefore chemically compatible with an electrophilic sulphur cathode.
Among the vic loci in N. crassa, all but het-i have been The strength of the incompatibility reaction the medium with phenylalanine and Annu.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Australian populations of Fusarium oxy­ sporum f. sp.
Vegetative compatibility hypovirulence rally occurring isolates ria parasitica.
Heterokaryon and interspecific hybrid­ bctween Verticillium compatibility ization and Verticillium toplast fusion and microinjection.
The N2 on incompatible trials at electrodes Fz and Fcz for the control, pre- symptomatic, and symptomatic HD group.
Vegetative incompatibility as a phenotypic tool has been studied to evaluate the mycelial compatibility groups (MCGs) of some fungi such as Leucocytospora kunzei (Proffer & Hart 1988) and to investigate the population structure of Valsa ceratosperma (Suzaki 2008) and CONTACT Khalil-Berdi fotouhifar fotowhi@ut.ac.ir © 2017 informa UK limited, trading as taylor & francis group 2 E. SEIFOLLAHI ET AL.
Diversity of vegetative compatibility groups of Cryphonectria parasitica in Connecticut and Europe.
Genetic diversity and mycelial compatibility groups of the plant-pathogenic fungus Sclerotinia sclerotiorum in Brazil.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Leucocytospora kunzei.
When used as rootstocks P. cattleyanum and P. friedrichsthalianium were compatible with P. guajava cv.
The purpose of this study was to evaluate indigenous Psidium species for resistance to M. mayaguensis and their compatibility as rootstock for P. guajava cv Paluma.
The grafting assay showed that the species P. friedrichsthalianium and P. cattleyanum are compatible with P. guajava cv.
Vegetative compatibility groups for 21 Fusarium graminearum isolates from 10 spikes collected in four Manitoba barley fields to assess local diversity.
Nitrate nonutilizing mutants and vegetative compatibility groups in Fusarium poae.
Our findings reveal that chitosan is more compatible with 74 divalent salts rather than with monovalent salts.
223 This phenomenon indicates that CS is more compatible with divalent inorganic salts, such as 224 MgTf, rather than monovalent inorganic salts, such as NaTf.
A marked incompatibility exists between the integu- mentary cells of Rana pipiens and those of Rana clamitans.
A total of 8 of the 31 drugs tested (acyclovir, ceftriaxone, cefazolin, clin- damycin, furosemide, heparin, pantopra- zole, and piperacillin–tazobactam) were found to be physically incompatible with caspofungin.
Results Of the 31 drugs tested, 8 were physically incompatible with caspo- fungin acetate.
Ganciclovir 10 mg/mL in ST dextrose injection was visually incompatible with TPN solution under these conditions.
the SG compatibilizer can react with both the LCP and PPO reactivity18.
Discussion Human- and bat-associated lineages of C. lectularius were reproductively compatible in our experiments.
and feeding on a common food source homogenized the microbial communities and eliminated reproductive incompatibility between the bed bug lineages.
The compatible pair used here, polystyrene (PS)- poly(viny1 methyl ether) (PVME), is typical and the high- temperature phase separation has been studied by Nishi and K ~ e i .
For the ternary phase diagrams, the significance of Figure 1 lies in the observation that I AX I is large at low temperature, and hence one expects incompatibility of the PS and PVME in trichloroethene.
Similarly, it was reported that two genes are required for full compatibility in a NC hybrid with the cytoplasm of Ae.
The result showed that Ncc-tmp1A and (or) Ncc-tmp1G were not essen- tial for NC compatibility with the cytoplasms of these tetra- ploid wheat species.
Importantly, scs does not confer full compatibility with the cytoplasm of Ae.
The two technologies are incompatible.
Thus, 12 promising sorghum lines were identified with farmer-preferred agronomic traits and with F. oxysporum compatibility.
The compatibility of F. oxysporum with sorghum roots was studied using root samples collected from each pot.
Further breeding is required to develop sorghum varieties with F. oxysporum compatibility, Striga resistance, and enhanced yield together with farmer-preferred traits.
The self- compatibility trait remains elusive only for the European pear.
In the same experiment, ‘Passe Crassane’, ‘Coscia’ and ‘Agua de Aranjuez’ were used as controls of self-incompatible cul- tivars.
The same strategy could potentially be used to uncover new self-compatible cultivars in other collections of European pear cultivars.
S21° could be a source of self-compatibility for Euro- pean pear breeding.
the characterization of S21° presents the Additionally, possibility for future use of self-compatible cultivars by the European pear industry because breeding pro- grammes will have a chance to incorporate this trait into new cultivars.
2712 Am J Health-Syst Pharm Vol 54 Dec 1 1997 these compatible combinations were determined to have turbidities comparable to that of doxorubicin hydrochloride liposome injection in 5% dextrose injec- tion diluted with an equal quantity of aqueous solu- tion.
We also drastically improved the compatibility and adhesion between PPE and PMMA by blending a small amount of PMMA grafted PPE copolymer.
Conclusion Although conventional polyoleﬁn and PMMA blends are highly incompatible, we improved compatibility and adhesion between them by reactive compatibilization with functional polyoleﬁns.
.Except for diazepam, pentobarbital, and thiethylperazine, nalbuphine- hydrochloride is physically compatible for at least 36 hours at room temperature with the preoperative medications studied.
Fur- ther, both HA alone and gelatin demonstrated sub-optimal biocompatibility with iPSCs and retinal cells.
Some ILs of this category can be compatible with Mn-based lithium transition-metal oxide cathodes, such as LiMn2O4 [12], LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 [13], and LiCo1/3Mn1/3Ni1/3O2 [14].
The limited electrochemical stabilities of these ILs restrict their com- patibilities with cathodes, and these ILs have rarely been reported to be compatible with Mn-based lithium transi- tion-metal oxide cathodes.
B. rapa and B. oleracea are self-incompatible, but B. napus is self-compatible.
Self-incompatible B. napus strains have been deve- loped via introgression from B. oleracea and B. rapa [13,14] or via the resynthesis of B. napus from B. oleracea and B. rapa [15].
is puzzling that Bing409 and 97Wen135 are self-compatible but can maintain the SI of S-1300.
Line S-1300 was crossed as a female with the self- compatible B. napus accessions to obtain F1 hybrids in March 2009, in Wuhan (located on the central of China).
They employed EPDM, ethylene vinyl acetate (EVA) and styrene ethylene butylene styrene (SEBS) as the compatibilizers.
Because of the poor mechanical property of PP, it is difﬁcult to make end use products containing uncompatibilized HDPE/PP blends.
4 Tensile strength of a pure HDPE and PP and b recycled HDPE and PP, with its compatibilized and uncompatibilized blends frequencies the chain entanglements are more pronounced for pure and recycled HDPE, making it more viscous than pure and recycled PP and PP ?
In the compatibilized blends, the change in mechanical properties occurs because MAPP and MAHDPE act as the compatibilizing agents.
Conclusion Uncompatibilized and compatibilized blends of HDPE and PP in different blend ratios were prepared using MAH functionalized PP and HDPE compatibilizers.
Usually, the hydrophilic SPI was incompatible with the hydrophobic PCL, and poor properties were expected for the SPI/PCL blends.
It is suggested that in some instances both members of the mainland homogeneric pairs have reached the islands, but that one member has been eliminated due to interactions arising from mutual ecological incompatibility.
Finally, the compatibility between the core proteins of THOV, FluA and FluB viruses was investigated.
The results indicated that PBAU/PVC and PHAU/ PVC were compatible systems, but PEAU/PVC was incompatible.
Because of the poor compatibility between PEAU and PVC, the above-mentioned in- terdiffusion is hard to generate or the diffusion lam- ina is very thin, so their combined power is poor and their adhesion strength is weak.
suggesting that the 2 drugs at these concentrations when mixed via Y-site are incompatible.
This result adds to currently limited and variable compatibility information for vancomycin and PT.
Vegetative compatibility among Fusarium graminearum (Gibberella zeae) isolates from barley spikes in southern Manitoba.
Vegetative compatibility and mycotoxin chemotypes among Fusarium graminearum (Gibberella zeae) isolates from wheat in Argentina.
[10–14], poly(2-methoxyethylacrylate) ple, polyurethane derivatives [1–3] and poly(ethylene oxide) derivatives [2], carboxylated PVC [1,4], hy- droxylated PVC [3], silicone-rubber [3,5–9], sol–gel glass [15] have been reported as the biocompatible materials.
[14] also reported that Capmul® MCM and oleic acid are incompatible with CRV.
Physical incompatibilities of ad- mixed drugs resulting in the forma- tion of crystals, particles, and oily Purpose.
Therefore, we conclude that the Huge- LQG is compatible with the standard cosmology (i.e.
In addition, to improve the compatibility, maleic anhydride-grafted-polypropylene (PP-g-MA) can be used.
Howev- er, ciprofloxacin 1 and 2 mg/mL in 5% dextrose injec- tion was not compatible with sodium bicarbonate 0.5, Table 1.
Ciprofloxacin 2 mg/mL in 0.9% sodium chloride injection was incompatible with sodium bicarbonate solution at all the concentrations tested.
Unlike the commonly used com- patibilizers in polyamide/ABS blends, PB-g-MAH is compatible with the ABS particles’ core phase polybu- tadiene (PB), rather than the shell styrene-acrylonitrile (SAN).
However, the blends of PA66 and ABS generally exhibit poor mechanical properties because of the compatibility problem.
Polymer compatibilizers chosen for PA/ABS blends are mostly compatible with the styrene-acrylonitrile (SAN) phase of ABS.
They confirm its compatibility with Noryl.
CONCLUSIONS Our study has shown that not only homopolystyrene but also polystyrene engaged in a block copolymer is compatible with PPO under given conditions.
Interactions between S5i- and S5j-encoded aspartyl protease would lead to the re- duced fertility of the indica/japonica rice hybrid, while the failure of dimerization for the S5n-encoded aspar- tyl protease could explain its wide compatibility with either S5i or S5j.
The ﬁlms containing CNs or CNs and calcium carbonate were proven biocompatible and able to stimulate the production of cells defensins, acting as indirect anti-microbials.
Chitin and lignin to produce biocompatible tissues.
This effective SEI ﬁlm offers good compatibility between graphite and electrolyte.
PEO is a biocompatible polymer and one of the few synthetic polymers approved for internal use in food, cosmetics, personal care products and pharmaceutical.
D Flower variations in the interspecific hybrids Discussion Direction of cross compatibility The results of the reciprocal crosses between six lines of carnation and one line of D. japonicus show that the in- terspecific hybrids were obtained only when one line of carnation, ‘98sp1651’, was used as the seed parent.
Unfortunately, the compatibility and stability of halo- peridol and hyoscine-N-butyl bro- mide has not yet been determined.
Similar incompatibilities of haloperi- dol lactate have been reported with morphine hydrochlo- ride, diamorphine hydrochloride, and hydromorphone hydrochloride [23, 24, 25].
A collection of 565 isolates of Verticillium dahliae, recovered between 1992 and 1997 from 13 host plant species and soil at 47 sites in Israel, was tested for vegetative compatibility using nitrate-nonutilizing (nit) mu- tants.
We concluded that vegetative compatibility grouping of V. dahliae in Israel is closely asso- ciated with specific pathogenicity and other phenotypic traits.
z Heterokaryon self-incompatible.
So far, vegetative compatibility has been studied in five Verti- cillium spp.
Vegetative-compati- bility groups in Verticillium dahliae from Israel.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae isolates from different hosts in Greece.
Vegetative compatibility in the ento- mopathogen Verticillium lecanii.
Vegetative compatibility grouping in Verticillium nigrescens and V. tricorpus.
Vegetative compatibility among Verticillium dahliae populations of cotton-growing regions of the Middle Asia.
Among Moroccans in Antwerp and Brussels and Turks in Brussels, a compatibility pattern was observed from the start.
All lines originated from colchicine-donbled plant F, of self-incompatible 2N varieties.
Highly self-compatible and self-incompatible plants were obtained in each of the five strains.
Therefore, the totals for Sv 0205 are 20 SI and 83 SC plants, making it significantly more self-compatible than the other strains.
The variety Sv0205, in which a significantly high proportion (84 %) of the plants were classified as self-compatible, conforms to this expectation.
Thus, competition inter- action may provide a plausible explanation both for the presence of 552 JAMES L. BREWBAKER self-compatibility and for its variability in these species.
Apart from the possible utility of self-compatibility in breeding 1N clover, it is apparent that it might be desirable to eliminate the self- compatibility altogether from breeding strocks.
Selection of SI 4N plants alone would not eliminate SC from the population, since self- compatibility may arise in the progeny of any two SI parents.
SUMMARY Five breeding strains of tetraploid Trifolium hybridum were tested for the presence of self-compatibility.
Whereas self-compatible plants are rare in diploid alsike clover, over half of the tetraploids tested (231 out of 410) were classified as self-compatible.
Self-compatibility has been encountered previously in cokhicine- doubled material of alsike, white and red clovers, among other species.
Self-compatibility of Caragana arborescens LAM.
The DSC curve for the MLX/stearic acid mixture also seems to show incompatibility.
To evaluate a possible incompatibility between MLX and sodium lauryl sulphate, sodium starch glycolate and povidone, DSC curves were also obtained at a 20 °C min− 1 heating rate (Fig.
4 also displays the DSC curves at 20 °C min− 1 for assessment of the compatibility between MLX and povidone.
The results demonstrate that the compatible excipients are starch, microcrystalline cellulose, copovidone, anhydrous dibasic calcium phosphate, calcium phosphate dihydrate, lactose, talc, stearic acid, trisodium citrate, croscarmellose, colloidal silicon dioxide and crospo- vidone.
The incompatible excipients identiﬁed by DSC included magnesium stearate, red iron oxide, povidone, sodium starch glycolate and L.M.
 The compatibility of SBR modiﬁed asphalt is improved by PPA.
Furthermore, it is found that styrene butadiene rubber and asphalt have a poor compatibility, according to the remarkable deviation of A0 and B0 from symmet- rical parabola.
The excipients, lactose, mag- nesium stearate, and mannitol, showed a possible chemical incompatibility.
Application of DSC and NIRS to study the compatibility of metronidazole with different pharmaceutical excipients.
Ciprofloxacin injection was com­ patible with gentamicin, me­ tronidazole, and tobramycin and incompatible with aminophylline and clindamycin.
Ciprofloxacin has been found to be incompatible with amoxicillin, amoxicillin-clax'ulanate potassium, and floxacilUn when prepared in D5 or NS.'
Hard chromium plating is compatible with N^O^.
The latest test results indicate that Kynar is not compatible with the fuel.
Greco and Martuscelli4 investigated the composition de- pendence of the Tg of PHB /ethylene-propylene rubber (EPR) and PHB /poly (vinyl acetate ) ( PVAc) , respectively, and concluded the former is an incompatible blend, whereas the latter is a com- patible one.
Interincompatibility was not observed be tween isolates of the three species from different islands, or from different substrates.
Intercompatibility and the species concepts in the saprobic Basidiomycotina.
Plants 1-9B, 4-1A, and 6-8A were highly self-incompatible at all 3 tem- ° peratures.
All self-incompatible plants set at least a few seeds at 90°.
Since 1% at the 60° and 70° treatments the summer, it ap- this plant had a 10% seed set during pears that in altering ~he self-incompatibility reaction.
SUMMARY Self-compatibility of 10 tetraploid alsike clover plants, ranging in self-compatibility from less than 1% to over 80% of the florets setting seed, was investigated during the spring, summer, and fall seasons under greenhouse conditions, and under controlled environments at constant 60°, 75° day and 65° night, and constant 90° F. tempera- tures.
The G-tree Tcomp is compatible with T .
Then TH is not universally compatible.
Hence TH is not universally compatible.
Thus Te is not universally compatible.
Thus Te is not universally compatible.
As T (cid:1) and Te are compatible.
Thus Te is not universally compatible.
DMA results indicated that R-PET was partially miscible with ABS, and ABS-g-MAH was an efficient compatibilizer for R-PET/ABS blends.
The ABS-g-MAH prepared with the content of MA 5 wt % was used as a compatibilizer for R-PET/ABS blends.
This result sug- gests the effective mixing of R-PET and ABS phases in the presence of ABS-g-MAH, and this may be due to the common connection of both polymer chains at the interphase, which eventually act as a compatibil- izer.
The result of DMA shows that R-PET is partially miscible with ABS, and ABS-g-MAH has compatibilizing effects on the R-PET/ABS blends.
The rheological behavior of ABS-g-MAH-compatibilized R-PET/ABS blends shows an ABS-g-MAH content dependence.
Signiﬁcant difference in chlorophyll contents was detected between compatible combinations and incompatible combinations 6 months after grafting.
In addition, the compatible combinations had higher SOD, POD and PPO activities than that in the incompatible ones.
The compatible combinations, i.e., JGHN/LYX, JGHN/HZ, JGHN/BTY and JGHN/WP, had dark green leaves and smooth graft joint.
SOD, POD and PPO activities The compatible combination had higher chlorophyll contents than the incompatible combination (Table 2).
The compatible combination, JGHN/BTY and JGHN/WP, had higher net photosynthetic rate.
JGHN/BTY was a compatible combination which had the highest net photo- synthetic rate.
On the other hand, the incompatible combination JGHN/WY had the lowest net photosynthetic rate.
The compatible combinations had higher chlorophyll content and net photosyn- thetic rate, presenting stronger ﬁeld growth potential.
Peroxidase isozyme proﬁles in compatible and incompatible pear-quince graft combinations.
Graft union formation and cell-to-cell communication via plasmodesmata in compatible and incompatible stem unions of Prunus spp.
Numerous injectable agents were visu­ ally incompatible with fluconazole.
Thus, incompatibility has resulted not only within Europe but between Europe and North America.
Television The immense potential of satellite systems for inter- continental television transmission has yet to be fully exploited, partly because of the incompatibility that exists in the differing video- and radio-frequency char- acteristics in use in various parts of the world.
DISCUSSION The study results showed that cross compatibility was different in different combinations, which could create cultivarss of lilies with wide ecological plasticity and good disease resistance.
The cross compatibility between native species and Asiatic Lily.
Moreover, the high compatibility of the NaPF6/diglyme electrolyte was utilized and confirmed to play a crucial role of aiding to overcome the issue of polysulfide dissolution, which is common for carbonate-based electrolytes.
They concluded that natural rubber (NR)-butyl rubber (BR) blends are compatible, whereas acrylonitrile butadiene rub- ber (NR-NBR) and NR-IIR (isobutylene isoprene rubber) blends are semi-compatible and incompatible, respectively.
El-Sayed and Afifi[12,13] epoxidized natural rubber and reported a compatible blend with ethylene propylene diene monomer (EPDM).
It was found that a fairly good compatibility was achieved using polyacrylonitrile.
They concluded that the NR-NBR blend system is a semi-compatible blend.
Hyphal evaluated in vitro for compatibility with imazapyr, glyphosate, and a surfactant.
Paclitaxel and lorazepam are not compatible with polyvinyl chloride containers and equipment; for these drugs 5% dextrose injection in polyolefin bagse was used as the diluent.
Amphotericin B, cefepime hydrochlo ride, chlorpromazine hydrochloride, imipenem-cilastatin sodium, methylprednisolone sodium succinate, mitomycin, and prochlor perazine edisylate were found to be incompatible with etoposide phosphate during simulated Y -site injection.
All plant species were however equally responsive to the three AMF communities inocu- lated, indicating that all plants established functionally compatible AMF in each community, with no preferences.
20 t o 50 to In order to achieve compatibility with NTSC, we have three choices.
Semicompatible (SC-HDTV) signal spectrum.
This choice enables mediate waveform called the semicompatible-high-definition (SC-HDTV), which has the virtue of being television signal easily convertible to an requires three present-day CATV channels for local distribu- tion and satellite (DBS) systems.
The results showed an excellent compatibility existed in the blends system, which may due to the strong hydrogen-bonding interaction between the hydroxyl group of HPC and the nitrile group of PAN.
But the HPC and PAN blends were found to be compatible in our experimental results.
CONCLUSIONS: Azadirachtin provided effective control of T. urticae and is compatible with the predatory mites N. californicus and P. macropilis.
In view of the possibility of using azadirachtin and predatory mites for managing spider mites in the strawberry crop, this work aimed to evaluate the effects of azadirachtin on T. urticae and its compatibility with the predatory mites N. californicus and P. macropilis.
We have systematically synthesized a series of close lying Pt NP sizes within the narrow range distribution of 1–20 nm and assessed their bacterio toxic/compatible properties using four powerful techniques.
Evaluating the biotoxicity/biocompatibility of the Pt NPs.
4 nm were compatible.
We ar- gue that the interactions of FREPs and SmPoMucs provide an excel- lent system to explore as the molecular basis for the compatibility polymorphism between S. mansoni and B. glabrata.
In a compatible combination, SmPoMucs are not recognized by the internal defences of B. glabrata and encapsulation of S. man- soni does not occur.
In an incompatible combination, the immune complex composed of SmPoMucs, FREPs and BgTEP is produced.
Finetti and Farina8 studied the compatibility of the rhb- FGF solution with different dressings using an HPLC method.
‘Cristobalina’ is a spontaneous self-compatible sweet cherry cultivar that originated in Eastern Spain.
Introduction Sweet cherry (Prunus avium L.) is a self-incompatible species belonging to the Rosaceae.
The Rosaceae, Solana- ceae, and Plantaginaceae share the same gametophytic self-incompatibility (GSI) mechanism, S-RNase-based self- incompatibility (McClure, 2004).
Self-compatibility in B3C was also analysed by assaying fruit set upon self-pollination.
Genetic evidence that two independent S-loci control RNase-based self-incompatibility in diploid strawberry.
Genetic and molecular analysis in ‘Cristobalina’ sweet cherry, a spontaneous self-compatible mutant.
cyclaminis Pathogenicity Vegetative compatibility groups Cyclamen persicum Argentina Cyclamen persicum is a winter ﬂowering species, cultivated as a potted ornamental.
Vegetative compatibility testing Isolates of F. oxysporum readily formed chlorate-resistant sectors on KPS and KMM.
Heterokaryon self-incompatibility in Gibberella fujikuroi (Fusarium moniliforme).
Vegetative compatibility in populations of Fusarium oxysporum from wild carnation.
Classiﬁcation of strains of Fusarium oxysporum on the basis of vegetative compatibility.
The far-ﬁeld RCS is compatible in the combination with extrapolated RCS.
We replicated the substantial effects of SOA and compati- bility from the avatar’s perspective.
A Microwave CVD method was utilised in order to be able to produce their CNTs at temperatures compatible with CMOS.
The results show that estradiol was compatible with all the selected excipients.
These observations a possible incompatibility because of the exothermic peak of hydroxyethyl cellulose.
the ﬁrst the and second third the at at Infrared Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FT-IR) was used to investigate evidence of incompatibility between the extract of S. brasiliensis and excipients used in the pre- formulation study of the sunscreen.
Evaluation of compatibility between Schinopsis brasiliensis Engler extract and pharmaceu- tical excipients using analytical techniques associated with chemometric tools.
The form of fungal associations varies consider- ably, from broad, with orchids that are compatible with several fungal groups (C. longipetala), to narrow, with orchids that are compatible with only a few groups of fungi (C. gavilu from the Coastal Range of Chile).
that show that the density operators are PP incompatible.
Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) showed that a blend membrane consisting of only PC and PHEMA apparently had some extent of incompatibility between the component poly- mers.
Clinda- mycin phosphate was incompatible.
At present, class B NVIS compatible spectrum is massively used in NVG.
This suggests that a tertiary species of Hf will improve compatibility and a tertiary species of Zr will improve strains.
Consequently, almost all the local apricot genotypes propagated by seed in oasis ecosystems in southern Morocco proved to be self-compatible.
Apricot belongs to the family Rosaceae and exhibits gametophytic self-incompatibility (SI), a genetically controlled mechanism that enables styles to reject self- pollen (de Nettancourt, 2001).
(1997) reported that 42 European and American cultivars and selections, among 123 main genotypes, proved to be self-incompatible.
Recent studies have reported that cultivars propagated in North China and Central Asia are also self-incompatible (Jie et al., 2005; Zhang et al., 2008).
The Iranian-Caucasian group (including cultivars from Armenia, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Dagestan, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Turkey, and North Africa) is also considered to be self-incompatible (Kostina, 1970).
CONCLUSIONS The fruit-set percentages recorded after self- pollination in the field, and pollen tube growth measurements, led to the conclusion that most apricot genotypes from Moroccan oases were self-compatible.
Self-incompatibility in Spanish clones of apricot (Prunus armeniaca L.) tree.
The model plant Arabidopsis thaliana is a self-compatible, predominantly selﬁng species of Brassicaceae, whereas its ancestral state is thought to have been an obligate outcrosser enforced by SI (Kusaba et al., 2001; Bechsgaard et al., 2006; Tang et al., 2007; Shimizu et al., 2008) through haplotype-speciﬁc interaction of SCR and SRK.
Generation of self- incompatible Arabidopsis thaliana by transfer of two S locus genes from A. lyrata.
Besides Yme, the only other self-incompatible crude oil that this author has permission to reveal is Isthmus, the second most produced crude oil in Mexico, because its identity as a self- incompatible crude oil has been published.21 However, self- incompatible crude oils can also be found in United States, Canada, Venezuela, and most other oil producing countries.
Morphological observation through scanning electron microscopy revealed that the compatibil- ity of the PLA/PBAT blends was greatly enhanced by the incorporation of ADR.
The brittleness of PLA can be improved by blending with PBAT, however, their compatibility is poor due to their immis- cibility.
In contrast, our results show a far greater degree of gametic incompatibility among populations in G. caespitosa across a far smaller geographic distance (∼2200 km) and in a species with a near-continuous distribution of local populations.
Gametic incompatibility in wild and cultured populations of the eastern oyster, Crassostrea virginica (Gmelin).
The physical compatibility of tela- vancin with select i.v.
Of the 52 drugs tested, telavancin was physically compatible with 39 drugs in all test solutions.
Colistimethate sodium, cyclosporine, hepa- rin sodium, imipenem–cilastatin sodium, methylprednisolone sodium succinate, and propofol were incompatible with tela- vancin in specific diluents.
Hepa- rin sodium was incompatible when mixed in 0.9% sodium chloride injection and 5% dextrose injection; the other 2 drugs, cyclosporine and propofol, were incompatible when mixed with telavancin diluted with 0.9% sodium chloride injection and lactated Ringer’s injection.
It is possible that the combi- nations could be compatible when mixed at lower concentrations.
However, unfortunately, severe im- compatibility problems are anticipated while blending the fuels of various origins because of the dissimilarities in chemical structure and elemental contents of the compo- nents.
The well-known blends of gasoline with ethanol (referred to as gasohol) and diesel with ethanol have been reported to exhibit incompatibility problems above a certain maximum concentration of water in ethanol.
The blends are seen to be compatible over a very narrow range of compositions.
However, based on the compatibility index adopted, ESAM was classiﬁed as compatible with the above 3 fungal species, except at the highest concentration tested (8,000 mg L-1) for M. anisopliae, and it was therefore classiﬁed as moderately toxic in this case.
DISCUSSION Our results, obtained in vitro assays, indicate that ESAM is compatible, at the concentrations recommended for managing the target arthro- pod pest species (< 4,000 ppm), with the 3 fun- gal species studied, which are important micro- bial control agents in Brazil.
In addition, the accumulation of graphene oxide is detectable in the two incompatible phases of EPDM and NR.
According to this figure, NR/ EPDM pure blend displays two distinct peaks at (cid:0) 51 ◦C related to the EPDM rubber and (cid:0) 71 ◦C related to the NR rubber, this is due to the incompatibility between the EPDM and NR rubbers.
Among antibiotics, ﬂucloxacillin, cefuroxime, aminoglycosides (gentamicin, tobramycin and amikacin), ery- thromycin and moxiﬂoxacin were compatible.
Vancomycin, clarithro- mycin and clindamycin were physically incompatible, and iproﬂoxacin was chemically incompatible.
Fluconazole was compatible.
Among the other drugs tested, only nicardipine, milrinone, rani- tidine and vitamin K were incompatible.
Fungal strains from one host genus were incompatible with seedlings from the other host genus.
DISCUSSION The results of laboratory inoculations of seedling populations of three grasses with strains of the host-specific fungus Atkinso nella hypoxylon indicate that there are three distinct patterns of compatibility between host and fungus.
The complete incompatibility between the Danthonia and Stipa strains and their opposite host genus may result from genetic differences between the grass genera, among the fungal strains, or both.
Vancomycin was physically compatible with amio- darone, piritramide and midazolam, respectively.
In conclusion, a 40 mg=mL vancomycin solution was proven to be stable and compatible with mid- azolam, piritramide, and amiodarone.
Sodium valproate and dipotassium clorazepate, however, were physically incompatible with vancomycin.
50 amines are classified based on their compatibility with the methylammonium lead iodide films.
[5] Xu and his research group used c-ray irradiation in air to introduce some oxygen-containing groups onto the molecular chain of the polyolefin, thus significantly improving the compatibility and mechanical properties of their blends with musco- vite and Mg(OH)2.
RDX, DNTF, and GUDN are incompatible with BHN.
Binary sys- tems 3, 9, 13, and 15 are of great compatibility and low sensitivity.
Thus these dye mixtures are totally incompatible combinations.
A constrained minimization in terms of the non-OP strains incorporating six St. Venant compatibility equa- tions yields the desired effective free energy F in terms of the OP strains alone.
Tethering poly(ethylene glycol)s to improve the surface biocompatibility of poly(acrylonitrile-co-maleic acid) asym- metric membranes.
Ghica Voda'Alley 6600 Jassy, Romania Abstract The compatibility of polyacrylonitrile (PAN) and a few of its copolymers with poly(viny1 chloride) (PVC), has been studied by viscometry, phase separa- tion from a common solvent, and light microscopy methods.
The diagrams indicate that PVC is incompatible with PAN (homo- polymer).
5, it can be seen that the system is compatible for a composition of 30/70 and 10/90 AN-VAc/PVC.
Thus it appears that the presence of vinyl acetate in the system leads to a certain degree of compatibilization of poly- acrylonitrile with poly(viny1 chloride).
% of ZnS nanoparticles in an organic shell of 5-phenylvaleric acid), obtained on a transmission electron microscope.8 compatibility of the nanoparticles with the monomer by boil- ing in toluene.
CONCLUSION It has been unambiguously shown that the compatibility of ZnS nanoparticles with a surface-active acrylate monomer is limited by the adsorption of the latter on the surface of the nanoparticles.
Above two types additives are able to improve the compatibility and the performance of SBS-PmAs.
Because of a great compatibility, incorporation of C9 PR into SBS-PmA is an effective method to eliminate negative responses that are raised by aromatic oil.
The harmonious compatibility between a high ET and a high electron mobility for BmPOPB provides the potentiality for highly efficient OLEDs. )
PhOLEDs and TADF OLED using BmPOPB as an ETM with the better device performances revealed the superiority of this compatibility.
Cibenzoline succinate appears to be physically compatible with the drugs tested for up to 24 hours.
For example, the Land X pentominoes are compatible, and their least known common multiple uses 80 of each!
for breeding the best INTRODUCTION cross pollinations (PSC) have a functional incompatibility in amounts system Plants with pseudo-self compatibility but produce seeds from self or incompatible ranging from less than 1% to 100% of a compatible outcross.
PSC has been found incompatibility systems.
A different compatibility the genomes of the male and female zygotes appears to exist in this hybrid combina- tion.
Hexaluminates are thermodynamically compatible with alumina, YAG, and ZrO2, but not mullite.
At 9 MHz, at 2400 GMT, and at all usage levels, the circuit compatibility is insensitive to range variation beyond 2000 km and exhibits the same skip zone dependence as was seen in Fig.
Robeson' attributed compatibility to the proton- acceptor potential of the ester carbonyl of the PBT segment by analogy to other polyester-PVC miscible blends.g* lo An analogous situation arises in the case of thermoplastic PU containing crystallizable blocks of methylene-bis-4- phenylene isocyanate (MDI) combined with soft segments of PTMO.
Good mechanical compatibility and limited mutual miscibility were also reported12 for elastomeric PU based on toluene diisocyanate (TDI) and PTMO.
~ However, both microscopy and DMA results support the view that overall the system is of a lower degree of compatibility than PEO/PVC.
The FFT PHY (HomePlug compatible) operates in the 1.8 MHz – 50 MHz frequency band.
The in-home baseband Wavelet ODFM PHY (HD-PLC compatible) uses the frequency band from 1.8 MHz – 28 MHz with optional upper band up to 50 MHz depending on country regulations.
Reactivity studies have demonstrated an excellent chemical compatibility between this material and common SOFC electrolytes.
This is in contrast to mixtures of rods and coils, which have been shown by Flory to be incompatible over nearly the full range of composition.
Few studies the compatibility of esomeprazole in liquid formulations.
Cefamandole nafate, ce- fazolin sodium, and mezlocillin sodium in 5% dex­ trose injection were visually incompatible with amiodarone hydrochloride in 5% dextrose injec­ tion.
Cefamandole nafate and mezlocillin sodium in 0.9% sodium chloride injection were incompati­ ble with amiodarone hydrochloride in 0.9% sodi­ um chloride injection.
At the concentrations studied, cefa- mandole nafate, cefazolin sodium, and mezlocillin sodium in 5% dextrose injection were visually in­ compatible with amiodarone hydrochloride injec­ tion.
Cef^andole nafate and mezlocillin sodium in 0.9% sodiuni chloride injection also were visual­ ly incompatible with amiodarone hydrochloride injection.
Conidia-based commercial products of M. brun- neum are compatible with many pesticides including some fungicides (e.g., iprodione, etc.)
Compatibility of microsclerotia with fungicides under greenhouse conditions Under greenhouse conditions, the compatibility of the microsclerotia with fungicides was tested with three commonly used turf fungicides, chlorothalonil, ipro- dione and propiconazole applied at two rates repre- senting the low and a high end of labelled ﬁeld rates for turf.
and P. fluorescens) were likewise found to be compatible with a captan seed treatment on supersweet corn, using the same criteria.
The Rhizobium-legume symbiosis has been used to study compatibility between seed-applied fungicides and bacterial inoculants.
Self-incompatibility and cross-pollination requirements of different cultivars have been studied in different growing regions.
These designs aim to improve production even in the case of partially self-compatible cultivars, because the increase in fruit set under cross-fertilization conditions has been extensively reported.
Although C. parasitica is native to east Asia and first was found respectively in North America and Europe in 1904 and 1938 (Anagnostakis 1987), little is known about vegetative incompatibility in native popula- tions.
Locations in Japan and China where C. parasitica was sampled for vegetative incompatibility testing.
The lack of concordance between vc types found in Europe and Asia has several implications for the genetics of vegetative incompatibility in C. para- sitica.
Low diversity of vegetative compatibility types and mating type in Cryphonectria parasitica in the southern Balkans.
From a horticultural point of view, self-incompatibility (SI) in fruit trees complicates cultural practice because self-incompatible cultivars need pollinators, and yield is dependent on abundant pollen transfer between trees.
Self-incompatibility was very clear in ‘Ordbad’ and ‘Nasiri’, as was their cross-incompatibility under controlled pollinations in the field and laboratory.
Genotyping apricot cultivars for self-(in)compatibility by means of RNases associated with S alleles.
Self- incompatibility-related RNases in styles of Japanese pear (Pyrus serotina Rehd).
 Colloidal silica and silicate gels are compatible and miscible with MnO  4 .
Aluminosilicates are compati- ble, but not miscible with MnO  4 .
In vivo biocompatible TENGs.
Among the insecticides tested only cypermethrin was not compatible with M. anisopliae.
Despite the insecticide thiamethoxam+ lambda- cyhalothrin is a combination of two compatible insec- Sci.
In the family of polyesters, polybutylene terephthalate has been found to be compatible with only a few of miscible systems, e.g., phenoxy and poly(viny1 chloride) (1,2).
Visual Observations The compatibility of CP-350 and PBT is suggested by the optical properties of their blends.
TiB2 is chosen because it is predicted to be both physically and chemically compatible with Sic and Ti (Choy, 1992).
Throughout the system, the blend is semi-compatible.
From our own experience we can add the system butyl-rubber-EPDM terpolymer which is also compatible at room temperature and becomes immiscible when heated 46 .
In linear poly ethylene and anionic polystyrene no experimental indication has been found for chain-length incompatibility.
Self-compatibility may predominate in these environments because it provides reproductive assurance when pollinators or availability of mates limits seed production.
Populations at the center of the species’ range retain sporophytic self-incompatibility, but peripheral populations are smaller, self-compatible, and have adaptations for self-fertilization.
Self-compatible genotypes produced more fruit and 17–22% more seed than self-incompatible genotypes in all environments, suggesting that the transition to self-compatibility may be favored by natural selection in all populations inhabited by L. alabamica.
Although the self-incompatibility reaction of the Brassicaceae is leaky, there are discrete differ- ences in its prevalence between the races.
Overall, self-compatible genotypes produced 17–22% more seeds per fruit compared to self-in- compatible plants in all environments.
Pollen limitation of seed set appears to be rela- tively uniform across the geographical range of this species and unrelated to the appearance of self-compatible races with adaptations for self-fertilization.
Heterocaryon incompati?
The superior compatibility of C2N with membranes was further verified by extending MD simula- tions to a higher temperature as well as examining its influence on the structure of POPC bilayer (including DP-P, APL, and lipid order).
1 the NC+A163 shows signs of incompatibility.
3 the PETN+A163 shows signs of incompatibility.
4 the RDX+A163 shows signs of incompatibility.
Figure 2 shows that both chemical and bio fungicides are not compatible with each other, in this crop.
We evaluated the compatibility of butterfly peacock cichlids and largemouth bass in Puerto Rico reservoirs, where both species are nonnative.
We next tested the compatibility of the PA chimeras with the remaining segments of the Prague virus.
At 1300°C in air, SMM maintained chemical compatibility with both GDC and LDC.
SMM and LDC maintained the chemical compatibility.
LSGM and LDC also main- tained chemical compatibility.
Because the presence of the ash did not reduce the growth effects of the nitrogen fertilizer solution, relative to the nitrogen fer- tilizer solution alone, the ash appears to be compatible with nitrogen fertiliz- ers derived from UAN.
Evaluation of these phylogenies is based, among other things, on the incompatibility of the gametes of E. lucunter with the other two species.
Ga- metic incompatibility between species of the sea urchin Echinometra on the two sides of the Isthmus of Panama.
Therefore, the results suggest that introduc- tion of zeolite 5A promotes the compatibility between PE and TPS.
We investigated the compatibility of 2 combinations of Ca and P in 3 low-concentration-level AA formulations with fixed amounts of G and other commonly added elec- trolytes to identify the limits of solubility in PN admix- tures.
Hence, it may be assumed that glicocol and cellulose are compatible with theophylline, findings confirmed by DSC, FTIR and PXRD.
These methods confirmed TG findings that theophylline is compatible with glicocol and microcrystalline cellulose.
These changes imply that theophylline and excipient (glucose, sorbitol, sucrose, arabic gum) are incompatible.
Evaluation of compatibility between dried extracts of Myracrodruon urundeuva Allemão and pharmaceutical excipients by TG and DTA.
Synthesis of bio- based thermoplastic polyurethane elastomers containing isosorbide and polycarbonate diol and their biocompati- ble properties.
Hemocompatibility evalu- ation of polyurethane ﬁlm with surface-grafted poly(eth- ylene glycol) and carboxymethyl-chitosan.
wCer2 is known to induce strong CI in this species because males from doubly infected populations (with in- dividuals bearing two Wolbachia variants) are incompatible with females from populations bearing only wCer1 (Riegler and Stauffer 2002).
Over- all, our results suggest that wRi and wCer2 are not totally incompatible in both directions of cross.
Cytoplasmic incompatibility in Australian populations of Drosophila melan- ogaster.
Wolbachia infections and su- perinfections in cytoplasmically incompatible populations of the European cherry fruit ﬂy Rhagoletis cerasi (Diptera, Tephriti- dae).
In the past decades, due to a high rate of self-incompatible sterile ﬂower and the occurrence of late frosts at anthesis, the in- sect pollination was greatly affected, which led to the reduction of apricot yields.
Effect of some other compatibilizers Some other compatibilizers such a chlorinated rubber, BR, chlorosulfonated polyethylene and PVC with an Fig.
The investigation showed that the PLA/EGMA blend had limited interfacial compatibility.
More importantly, PIL-RbC with ion-matching pores (dominated at 0.80 nm) and ion- transport paths (> 1 nm pores) shows a superb compatibility with 1-ethyl-3-methylimidazolium tetra- ﬂuoroborate ionic liquid electrolyte, giving a maximized electrode capacitance of 228 F g−1 in a symmetric supercapacitor.
Ion- matching micropores dominated at 0.80 nm and ion-transport paths give a high-compatible PIL-RbC electrode with a high capacitance of 228 F g−1 in 1-ethyl-3-methylimidazolium tetraﬂuoroborate (EMI-BF4) electrolyte.
of F. oxysporum were in distinct vegetative compatibility groups (VCG), based on the ability of complementary nit mutants to anastomose and form wild-type 31 BIOTROPIA No.
Diversity within pathogenic strains of F. oxysporum has been evaluated by characterizing strains in terms of vegetative compatibility.
asparagi; and also incompatible with the non-pathogenic strains from paddy and oil palm.
asparagi into vegetatively compatible groups.
Vegetative compatibility groupings in a local population of Fusarium oxysporum.
Moreover two groups of inter-compatible sour and hybrid cherries (P. avium x P. cerasus) were encountered .
The finding of three inter-incompatible sour cherries (Rode Waalse, Bruine Waalse and Montmorency) showed that within the species P .
results, self-pollinations of sweet cherries and incompatible combinations have been excluded .
We conducted an in vitro study to evaluate the compatibility of admixtures of calcium gluconate and magnesium sulfate in polyvinyl chloride (PVC) bags of 0.9% sodium chloride injection and 5% dextrose injection.
Stability and compatibility of Basmisanil granules co- administered with soft food Anikó Szepes1; Anni Pabst-Ravot2; Kirsten Storch2, Carsten Timpe1 1F.
For the PVC/PMMA system, Tg shifted toward higher temperatures because of the intermolecular interaction between PVC and PMMA (the Tg of PMMA is 106°C); thus, this system is partially compatible.
Compared with this system, the PVC/PMMA system compati- bility is poor.
This can be explained as a result of PVC/P2 compatibility.
Although the compatibility of PVC/VC-co-VAc and PVC/VC-co-VAc-co-MAL are close to each other, the water ﬂux of the latter system is higher than that of the former system.
However, they found from the same study that EVA-PolySAN showed incompatibility.
Therefore, hybrid solid electrolyte Li7P3S11-PEO-LiClO4 shows excellent interfacial compatibility with lithium foil.
The observed polarization voltage of LPS shows more than 25 mV, while that of LPS-PEO-LiClO4 remains constant at 18 mV, indicating a good compatibility between hybrid solid electrolyte LPS-PEO-LiClO4 and metallic lithium.
Thus, LPS-PEO-LiClO4 showed excellent interfacial compatibility with lithium foil.
This is an evidence that among P. caudatum-Holospora combinations there are partners with both compatible and incompatible genotypes.
For incompatible combinations of P. caudatum-Ho lospora different stages were revealed at which the formation of SBS was blocked.
All the drugs tested were compatible with lorazepam 0.33 mg/mL, except for imipenem-cilastatin sodium, floxacillin, and omeprazole.
Methods Although morphine and metoclopramide preparations are considered to be compatible with octreotide, some of their products are known to contain sodium bisulfate.
Vegetative compatibility between and within Epichloe species.
Ex- perimental results showed that the addition of POE-g- MAH can increase the mechanical properties of the PA6/ POE blend and decrease the particle size of POE dispersed phase in PA6 matrix due to the compatibilization by POE-g- MAH.
The SEM micrograph and particle size distribution of blends shown in Figure 1 reveals the compatibility between PA6 and POE due to the addition of different POE-g-MAH.
Additionally, poly- mers with certain block components are more readily able to undergo transesteritbition reactions that en- hance compatibility.
Finally, reproductive compatibility of the popula- tions from La Réunion and Roraima, Brazil was evaluated.
The number of oviposited eggs, the egg viability and the sex ratio determined for the heterogametic crosses and the backcrosses involving the A. largoensis populations from La Réunion Island and Roraima, Brazil revealed complete reproductive compatibility between these populations, without evidence of pre- or post-zygo- tic isolation mechanisms.
Due to the poor compatibility of MFC with a non-polar hydrophobic PP matrix, the MFC surface was mod- iﬁed through silylation and acetylation to increase its wetting and dispersion characteristics.
The S-MFC successfully controlled the hydroxyl group through a silylation reaction with MPMS to improve the compatibility with PP, which results in a small aggregate size and good interface without voids in the PP matrix.
However, there is a wide variation in critical surface tension values ranging from a high of approximately 50 dyn/cm for LTI carbons (excellent biocompatibility) to low values of approximate- ly 22 dyn /cm for ethyl cellulose perfluorobutyrate, which also shows excel- lent biocompatibility.
The advantage of both Teflon and PEEK polymers is their compatibility with all solvents, the sole exception being concentrated acid (sulfuric or nitric acid).
Vallejo-Marı´n and O’Brien (2006) recently showed a strong cor- relation between self-incompatibility and clonality in the genus Solanum, which they explained as being evidence of (vegetative) reproductive assurance in species subject to pollen-limited conditions, rather than a consequence of female mating costs due to selﬁng.
The studies unambigu- ously revealed the chemical incompatibility of BiNbO4 and silver.
Channel 46 contains no check marks and has been encircled, indicating that it is compatible with the other eight channels.
This assignment on channel 22 is compatible with th a t on channel 6, but no transmission can be assigned for at least ten more channels (i.e., on channels 24 through 33) because of overlapping from the transmissions on channels 22 and 6.
A triallelic system oíS- is a major regulator of the reproductive barrier and compatibility oí indica-japonica hybrids in rice.
An analysis of hybrid sterility in rice using a diallel cross of 21 parents involving indica, japónica and wide compatibility varieties.
In previous work we have used8 the sodium salt of poly(ethylene-co-methacrylic acid) to modify the properties of poly(ethylene terephthalate) (PET) and compatibilize PET/LLDPE blends9.
Despite their frequent utilization as restoration plants, to our knowledge no greenhouse studies have simultaneously examined self-compatibility and quanti- ﬁed pollination success of C. fasciculata, G. pulchella, and S. coccinea from cultivated seed mixes, which are more commonly used than wild- collected seeds for ecological restoration projects.
Biparental inbreeding depression in the self-incompatible annual plant Gaillardia pulchella (Asteraceae).
2 Variation in colony growth and pigmentation on Czapek–Dox agar among V. dahliae isolates of three vegetative compatibility groups (VCG) at three temperatures.
4 Disease progress caused by V. dahliae isolates of three vegetative compatibility groups (VCG; five isolates of each VCG) in six host plant species.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae isolates from different hosts in Greece.
Vegetative compatibility and pathogenicity of Verticillium dahliae isolates from the Aegean region of Turkey.
Vegetative compatibility among Verticillium dahliae populations of cotton-growing regions of the Middle Asia.
Vegetative compatibility grouping of Verticillium dahliae from cotton in mainland China.
In 1984, he joined the nationwide Brazilian telecommunication operator (Telebr´as), where he was in charge of developing the operator’s standards and laboratories on electrical protection, electromag- netic compatibility (EMC), and safety.
CONCLUSIONS ABS-g-MAH can act as a good compatibilizer for the ABS/PC alloy.
The Tg1 is higher than is the Tg of pure ABS, 101.4°C, and the Tg2 is lower than the Tg of pure PC, 149.0°C, indicating there is a limited compatibility between ABS and PC.
The DSC anal- ysis and the SEM photos conﬁrmed that ABS-g- MAH could greatly enhance the compatibility of the ABS/PC alloy.
An in vitro compatibility study was conducted to evaluate the effect of botanical and chemical pesticides on mycelial growth and spore production using the poisoned food technique.
However, Ij-089, Ij-102, Ma-1299, and Bb-4511 were found to be the most compatible with the chemical and botanicals evaluated.
Comparatively, spiromesifen, diafenthiuron, buprofezin, pyriproxyfen, and flonicamid were more compatible with EPFs at half doses, as compared to the other chemical pesticides, namely imidacloprid, fipronil, profenophos, and triazophos.
Overall, the EPFs, namely Ij-089 and Fm -083, were found to be the most compatible with all of the chemical pesticides ex- cept triazophos and diafenthiuron, respectively.
The toxicity index in the present study showed that, among the bo- tanical pesticides, neem oil and pongamia oil were found to be compatible to moderately toxic with all EPFs except Bb-6097, Bb-409, and Bb-4543.
The organophosphate group of pesticides and fipronil were found to be in the toxicity range from compatible to very toxic.
Overall, among the EPF strains, Ij- 089, Ij-102, Ma-1299, and Bb-4511 were found to be the most compatible with full and half doses of the chemical and botani- cals tested in the present study.
Thus, the compatible EPFs along with these selected pesticides could simultaneously be used for IPM.
EPFs are found to have better bioefficacy in terms of insect mortality, along with mycelial growth and sporulation; their compatibility with chemical/botanical insecticides can cause increased stress, immunocompromise, and alteration in insect physiology and behavior.
All strains of B. bassiana and I. javanica showed varying levels of compatibility, with respect to chemicals and their doses.
Bogdanova VS, Kosterin OE, Yadrikhinskiy AK (2014) Wild peas vary in their cross-compatibility with cultivated pea (Pisum sativum subsp.
The APPs, at different concentrations, are compatible with the entomopathogenic fungus B. bassiana (Table 4), according to the toxicity indexes (Alves et al.
Clorazepate dipotassium salt and midazolam hydrochloride compatibilities with Stedim 6 were excellent and slightly better than with PVC, given that no ioss was observed in 5% dextrose and in 0.9% sodium chloride solutions.
Polyethylene and polypropylene show better compatibility (13-19), but such poly- olefine bags are not marketed world-wide.
Therefore, it appeared of interest to study the compatibility of diazepam with a new multilayer hlm Stedim 6@.
We have previously reported on the compatibility of PVC with two other benzodiaz- epine derivatives, dorazepate dipotassium salt and midazolam hydrochloride (20).
Although aiready reported (1-16), the compatibility of diazepam and PVC was studied again with 500-rnl Viaflex'E, bags (Baxter Laboratories, Maurepas, France) in order to conduct the study in conditions identical to those of Stedim 6.
To evaluate the compatibility between P. durwini and P .
To improve the interfacial compatibility, a 2-hydroxyethyl methacrylate (HEMA) monomer was grafted onto the PVDF substrate by an ozone-induced graft polymeri- zation, resulting in a PHEMA-g-PVDF composite membrane where chemical bonding existed between PVDF and PHEMA.
To remedy such a problem of poor compatibility, a HEMA monomer was grafted onto a PVDF substrate by an ozone-induced graft polymerization to form a PHEMA-g-PVDF composite membrane (Figure 3a c), in which there would be a chemical bonding between PVDF and PHEMA.
The technique demonstrates a slight departure from random mixing even in the PPO-PS system, which has been previously described as perfectly compatible.
Chemical compatibility with metal electrodes The chemical compatibility with metal electrodes was investi- gated by co-ﬁring the LiMoVO6 powders with pure aluminum and silver powders (15 wt.%) at 640 ◦C for 6 h in air.
In addition to their potential for new ma- terials, random copolymers are also used as compati- bilizers for blends of homopolymers that are immisci- ble without compatibilizers.
However, aluminum tris and trichlorfon reduced the ability of S. carpocapsae to kill host larvae indicating that both these pesticides are not compatible with S. carpocapsae.
BU is compatible with both FLU and PF as an admixture.
In Brassicaceae, the self-incompatible pollen grain triggers a cascade of events leading to PCD in a few hours.
That CITES can only become compatible with GATT through an absolute ban on consumption and trade demonstrates the distortion of international environmental agreements which is necessary to achieve compatibility with the GATT.
Lilium longiflorum has long been regarded as a self-incompatible species but the existence of selfing in some natural populations was suggested by isozyme analysis in a previous study.
Artificial self-pollination revealed that not all L. longiflorum individuals are self-incompatible and there is substantial quantitative variation of self-incompatibility among L. longiflorum individuals and populations.
Self-compatible dominant populations allopatrically and independently evolved at the periphery of the species distribution area, the northern Ryukyu Archipelago and Taiwan.
These led to the possibility that more self-compatible individuals of L. longiflorum can exist in natural distribution areas.
The strength of self-incompatibility in populations and geographic distribution of self-compatible and mixed population in L. longiflorum and L. formosanum.
Self-compatible populations of L. longiflorum were observed on opposite sides of the distribution area for the northern Ryukyu Archipelago (LKR, LYA, LKI, LAM, and LTO) and Taiwan (LLA and FTA) (Fig.
This decision strongly indicates that self-compatible populations of L. longiflorum in the northern Ryukyu Archipelago and Taiwan were established allopatrically and were phylo- genetically independent.
It could be considered that the founding of new populations strongly favors SC as described by Baker (1955), and that colonization with only one self- compatible individual is possible in L. longiflorum because it produces several hundred seeds per flower.
The phylogenetic relationship between the degree of SC and floral traits in the Taiwan may be different from that in the Ryukyu Archipelago, and this suggestion is reinforced by this study showing that self- compatible populations of L. longiflorum in the northern Ryukyu Archipelago and Taiwan were established allopatrically.
Distribution of self-compatible and self- incompatible populations of Petunia axillaris (Solanaceae) outside Uruguay.
Population differences the “self-incompatible” milkweed Asclepias exaltata (Asclepiadaceae).
Partial self- compatibility in ‘Tombul’ and ‘Montebello’ hazelnuts.
Breakdown on self-incompatibility in a natural population of Petunia axillaris (Solanaceae) in Uruguay containing both self- incompatible and self-compatible plants.
Nitrate nonutilizing mutants and vegetative compatibility groups in Fu- sarium poae.
The 24 isolates could be divided into 13 nonoverlapping vegetative compatibility groups, sug- gesting that asexual exchange of genetic information within F. poae is subject to significant limitations.
The allelic vegetative compatibility reaction has been described in different ascomycete fungi, such as As- pergillus, Cryphonectria, Fusarium, and Neurospora.
Without a sexual cycle, vegetative compatibility groups can be viewed as genetically isolated populations within F. poae.
Nitrate non-utilizing mutants of Gibberella zeae (Fusarium graminearum) and their use in determining vegetative compatibility.
Heterokaryon self- incompatibility in Gibberella fujikuroi (Fusariium moniliforme).
Vegetative compatibility group- ings in a local population of Fusarium oxysporum.
A comparison of heterokaryosis and vegetative incompatibility among varieties of Gibberella fujikuroi (Fu- sarium moniliforme).
These experiments demonstrated clearly that populations of S. graminicola are cross-compatible both within and between the two continents.
isolates from the two continents are cross- compatible.
b) All combinations between F 1 plants and P 1 were incompatible .
On the basis of compatible and incompatible combinations of the diallel crosses of the F 1 plants, two incompatibility phenotypes seem to occur .
All crosses within a phenotypical group appear incompatible while crosses between F 1 plants of different groups appear compatible .
b) Crosses between F 1 plants and P 3 and P4 are incompatible .
Moreover, the chameleon-ﬁeld model is compatible with the CERN Axion Solar Telescope results, ﬁfth-force experiments, and cosmology.
Previous studies1-7 investigated the chemical stability and/or physical compatibility of various concentrations of bupivacaine and one of the narcotics at lower concentrations in minibags and found them to be stable for at least 72 h at various temperatures.
Finally, system 7 presents an anomaly in that mixtures of poly(viny1 acetate) with a copolymer of vinyl chloride and 5-10% vinyl acetate are compatible at some ratios and incom- patible at some intermediate ones.
value of 0.36 mg AI L It is clear that this insecticide/acaricide is highly toxic and not compatible with B. terrestris, and therefore cannot be used in combination with these insects.
We propose the use of mycorrhizae to increase bud–rootstock compatibility for this tandem of species.
The compatibility of POE-g-MAN and SAN became poor.
It was found that the crystal regions of CA and PAN in the blend membrane were incompatible.
This indicates that the crystal regions of CA and PAN in the blend membrane are incompatible.
IrSi has excellent compatibility with semiconductor Si.
IrSi has an excellent compatibility with Si if fabricated as IrSi/Si devices.
Their preliminary results with in vitro as- sessment indicated that the BAM11 is surprisingly MRI-compatible, possibly due to its amorphous structure.
Lignin, including many polar functional groups, has bad compatibility with non-polar PE.
The compatibility of the lignin/LDPE composites has been improved through filling the PP-g-MAH.
This was attributed that the compatibility of lignin/LDPE composites have been improved when filling with PP-g-MAH.
The TiO2-PDVB JPs can be used as the compatibilizer of R902/PS paints.
Results show that JPs can be anchored at the interface between PS and R902, increasing the dispersion of R902 and improving the compatibility of inorganic particles and organic polymer.
However, little is known about the compatibility of dry conidia of M. anisopliae ICIPE 69 and T. leucotreta sex pheromone for use in an auto- dissemination technique.
The findings further confirm the compatibility of M. anisopliae ICIPE 69 with the FCM sex pheromone that can be used in suppressing T. leucotreta under IPM program.
Overall, it can be concluded that dry conidia of M. anisopliae ICIPE 69 are compatible with the T. leucotreta sex pheromone and can be used in the control strategies of the pest.
Such results mean that PCL and EC are partially compatible.
Nojima and his co-workers [11] also cannot ®nd the growth of the ringed spherulites in an oligomeric blend of PCL and poly- butadiene (PB) because PCL and PB do not show the compatibility over a large scale of composition.
They suggested It has also been reported free energy by Andrade et compatible because of their very low interfacial blood.
It has micro structures on top of a single LED chip, which are compatible with existing LEDs.
Isoenzyme activities differ in com- patible and incompatible Douglas-fir graft unions.
A struc- tural study of an incompatible heterograft between Sedum telephoides (Crassulaceae) and Solanum pen- nellii (Solanaceae).
— S-RNase-based self-incompatibility the pistil.
The behaviour of a PPM in Solanum chacoense offers a potentially different view from the one supported by the N. alata results and suggests that compatibility may also be the default condition for pollen in the Solanaceae.
On the other hand, the behaviour of Sli and PPMs in the Rosaceae suggest that suppressing pollen S function can lead to compatibility.
S-Speciﬁc proteins in styles of self- incompatible Nicotiana alata.
The F-box protein AhSLF-S2 controls the pollen function of S-RNase-based self-incompatibility.
The S-RNase-based gametophytic self- incompatibility system in Prunus exhibits distinct genetic and molecular features.
Self-compatible peach (Prunus the S-haplotypes found in self- persica) has mutant versions of incompatible species.
NG) and RDX were both sensitive with HOF, while binary mixture of HOF and DINA was incompatible.
It is found that DINA and RDX are both incompatible with HOF, which means they are not allowed to store with HOF for a long time.
It was indicated that HOF have good compatibility with Al, Mg, and NTO-Pb (Table 6).
The results show that mixtures of HOF/NC and HOF/BAMO–GAP have good compatibilities identiﬁed both by DSC and VST methods.
Besides, HOF was incompatible with DINA proved both by DSC and VST.
Conclusions The chemical compatibility of the red earth-bentonite mixture, stabilized with 1% of lime to improve the volume changes and shrinkage behavior, was investigated with pore ﬂuids such as NaCl, NaOH, HCl solutions of 0.5 normal concentration and CCl4.
The results showed that good compatibilities can be expected for PPS, PVDF, PET, nylons, acetal, PEI, PVC, HDPE and PBT.
PTFE showed potential incompatibilities at low blend concentrations, especially when E10D was used as the base fuel blend.
Poor potential compatibility was limited to two plastic types; PETG exposed to mid and high blend levels of the ethers and PP exposed to sabinene and the aromatics.
However, low blend levels are likely to not be compatible with PTFE.
The plastics showed good potential compatibility with iso-octene and iso-octane.
PTFE, PP and PETG may likely exhibit some compatibility concerns for applications requiring minimal swell, but only at low blend levels.
For these acids, PTFE was also potentially incompatible at low and mid- range blend levels.
PTFE and PP were shown to be likely incompatible for low level and mid-range blends for each fuel type.
However, PBT is probably not compatible at high blend contents due to the similar solubility parameters for this plastic and the ethers.
PETG was also shown to be incompatible over a wide blend range.
In contrast to the other ketones, excel- lent compatibility (low solubility potential) is expected for PET and the three nylon grades.
As shown in Table 4, PPS, PVDF, and PET are likely compatible with the fuel candidates over a wide blend range with either dodecane or E10D.
Recent studies have also demonstrated compatibility with both ethanol and iso-butanol at low blend levels [5, 6, 7, 9].
PETG may experience incompatibili- ties with the ether fuels at mid-range and high blend contents.
PETG may also not be compatible with low blend levels of 3-pentanone.
PP may also have some compatibility limitations at low blend levels of most of the candidates, but most of this can be attributed to the dodecane base fuel.
Several of the ether candi- dates showed potential incompatibility with PETG at mid- range to high concentrations.
In Leptosiphon jepsonii, a California annual plant species, mixed mating and delayed selﬁng is conferred by a modiﬁed, transient form of self-incompatibility (SI).
At the LH site, L. jepsonii occurs in direct con- tact with Leptosiphon androsaceus, a close relative that is self-incompatible and large ﬂowered.
Although this can be seen as a way that LAB purposely mediate other species in their environment to temporarily create better living conditions, it can negatively influence compatibility between yeast and LAB.
Competitive ability of different Aspergillus flavus vegetative compatibility group (VCG) isolates co-infecting living maize kernels with VCG CG136.
Vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs) of Aspergillus flavus for which the proportion of VCG CG136 DNA in infecting hyphae differs significantly from the proportion in conidia from co-inoculated maize kernels.
Vegetative compatibility within populations of Aspergillus flavus, A. parasiticus, and A. tamarii from a peanut field.
Association of morphology and mycotoxin production with vegetative compatibility groups in Aspergillus flavus, A. parasiticus, and A. tamarii.
Association of mycotoxin and sclerotia production with compatibility groups in Aspergillus flavus from peanut in Argentina.
Heterokaryon incompatibility in Aspergillus flavus.
Analysis of population structure of Aspergillus flavus from peanut based on vegetative compatibility, geographic origin, mycotoxin and sclerotia production.
The system is compatible if ΔHm<10×10-3 cal/mol and incompatible if ΔHm>10×10-3 cal/mol [13].
It shows that the difference between solubility parameters of PVDF and PVA is 3.8, indicating a poor compatibility of the two polymers.
The relatively good compatibility of polymers in membrane A2 makes PVDF and PVA dynamically miscible.
These two polymers are incompatible due to the lack of hydrogen bonding sites and, hence, the existence of a repulsive inter- action between PVC and PS that leads to incompatibility.
The three populations derived from selection for a low compatibility index value, short canopy height, and late maturity yielded less forage than their respective divergent populations in a space-planted test, in dense monoculture stands, and in mixtures with birdsfoot trefoil.
Dry-matter yields of birdsfoot trefoil at five harvests in mix- tures with orchardgrass populations selected bidirectionally for maturity (ME and ML), spring canopy height (HT and HS), and a compatibility index (CH and CL).
Due to its hydrophilicity, chitosan is not compatible with most of the thermoplastic bio-based polymers like poly(lactic acid) (PLA) or polyhydroxyalkanoates (PHA).
In this work, the compatibility of PLA and poly(3-hydroxybutyrate-co-3-hydroxyvalerate) (PHBV) with Chitosan is enhanced through the functionalization of the thermoplastic polyesters with maleic anhydride (MAH) and glycidyl methacrylate (GMA) via reactive blending in an internal mixer.
In overall, the modifications made to the matrix and the fibres lead to much better compatibility between OPF and OPC, both mechanically and chemically.
In contrast, no self compatibility or seeded fruits were found in 'Hosui' X 'Hosui' crosses in Rukuhia, but it is possible that the degree of self compatibility is influenced by the local environmental conditions.
We also analyzed the difference between the paired selfed and compatible seed sets in a similar analysis, to con- trol for daily environmental variation and differences in plant vigor.
Discussion The two Agropyron species used in these investiga- tions are generally unaffected by environmental conditions during a normal flowering season, since they are self-compatible, highly adapted and in- digenous to the area.
Several species of Aegilops L. which were investigated showed generally low cross-compatibility, particu- larly diploid species such as Ae.
Hence, it is EDA compatible.
The modified HEARTOO3 has excellent compatibility not only with acetal type resist, but also with annealing type resist in the same platform.
In ArF lithography, the HEARTOO4 has also good compatibility with cycloolefin type and (meth)acrylate type ArF resist by modification of its formulation.
It is demonstrated that FIEARl'003-B has wide compatibility with acetal type resists in wider range of baking temperature.
HEARTOO4 was also compatible with alicyclic copolymer and acrylic copolymcr ArF resist.
All combinations wore physically compatible except for meperidine hydro­ chloride and nafcillin.
As compared with the PP/EOC blend, higher crystallinity with integrated crystal morphology and β-crystal form were observed in the PP/PBE blend for better compatibility between PP and PBE.
It has been found that lower amount of space charges is accumulated in the PP/PBE blend thanks to its better compatibility than the PP/EOC blend.
It is proposed that the compatibility between the PP and the PBE is better than that between the PP and the EOC, which leads to the difference in the space charge accumulation behavior.
The compatibility of the PP and the PBE is also responsible for the presence of β-crystal in the PP/PBE like that appears in the pure PP, as the growth of β-crystal in PP could be encouraged with similar molecular structure in the PBE.
In other words, the compatibility between the PP and the EOC is not as good as that between the PP and the PBE.
Due to the different compatibilities in PP/PBE and PP/EOC blends, the carrier trap characteristics in the blends show different features.
As compared with the PP/EOC blends, the PP/PBE blends exhibit beneficial crystal features for trapping charges, including higher crystallinity, thicker lamella, and more integrated crystals due to the better compatibility between the PP and the PBE.
The PBE has better compatibility to the PP than the EOC.
CONCLUSIONS FTIR, PALS and VASE techniques were used to evaluate the compatibility of TMAHCO3–methanol based mixtures with a porous low-k material 共porous MSSQ兲.
it is GMPE compatible).
When GMPE compatible ensemble is simulated for 5% damping PSV spectrum, it is found to be compatible with PSV spectra for damping ratios ranging from 2% to 10%.
China ABSTRACT Two block copolymers, polysulfone – polyethylene terephthalate (PSF – PET) and polysulfone – polyhydroxybenzoate (PSF – PHB), were synthe- sized in order to compatibilize the blends of polysulfone (PSF) and a semiaromatic thermotropic liquid crystalline polymer (TLCPA1).
Comparatively speaking, the PSF – PHB block copolymer shows poor compatibility to PSF/TLCP blends.
increasing the aspects ratio of TLCPA1 microﬁber and in improving the interfacial adhesion of the blend; the compatibility of PSF – PHB is poor.
Comparatively speaking, PSF – PHB block copoly- mers show poor compatibility to PSF/TLCP blends.
For example, J1113 was incompatible with INRA, F79 and F80 but compatible with F110 and F109 .
However, INRA, F79 and F80 were also compatible with F110 and F109 .
Races 2A and 2B are clearly very closely related but the RFLP differences and the total lack of vegetative compatibility between them demonstrates that they are genetically distinct populations .
This result indicates that A. fraterculus populations are fully mating compatible in Argentina, thus encouraging the application of the sterile insect technique to control this species in the region.
In conclusion, this study shows that the popula- tions of A. fraterculus from Argentina are com- pletely compatible in mating.
However, lorazepem showed to be physically compatible with meropenem based on the study criteria.
Comparing only the AMS laboratories resulted in much better compatibility of 5 to 6‰.
Under this condition, VR is incompatible with CCB oil.
Under this condition, VR is incompatible with CCB oil.
It is found that the Li[(FSO2)(n-C4F9SO2)N] (LiFNFSI)-based electrolyte exhibits the highest compatibility with LiFePO4.
More importantly, the LiPF6-carbonate electrolyte has desirable compatibility with the gra- phite anode owing to the formation of a high-quality SEI ﬁlm [1].
It is found that the LiFNFSI-EC/DMC (1:1, v/v) electrolyte shows the best compatibility with the LFP cathode, which is mainly attributed to the high intrinsic stability of –C4F9 group and the high-quality CEI thereof.
Compatibility range of morphine hydrochloride with methylprednisolone-21-sodium succinate: ﬁnal concentrations of compatible ((cid:14)) and incompatible ((cid:147)) admixtures prepared by adding the methylprednisolone-21-sodium succinate solu- tion to the morphine hydrochloride solution.
These additives are not present in Solu- Medrol® but on the contrary methylprednisolone- 21-sodium succinate limited compatibility and a poor stability of only 3 days at room temperature.
[15] The present study carried out at 1173 K (900 °C) for 200 hours established a better compatibility between SiC and LBE at elevated temperatures.
This result was mainly caused by the poor compatibility of the ﬁlms doped with agg-Al NPs.
This result was mainly caused by the poor compatibility of the films doped with agg-Al NPs.
Maybe this is the reason why BF–Si showed a more depressed liquid oxygen compatibility than BF–P.
On MPM with increasing con- centrations of red food coloring, the self-self pairings resembled the incompatible interactions, with the two confronting strains failing to grow together.
The self- self interactions were reliably scored as compatible only on PDA, with or without an amendment of 75 mL/L red food coloring.
In contrast, the same self-self pairings were easily determined to be compatible on PDA, with or without red food coloring.
S-RNase-based self-incompatibility (SI) is found among the Rosaceae, Plantaginaceae and the Solanaceae (de Net- tancourt 1997; McClure et al.
In fact, their perspective appears incompatible with K & K's.
But K & K can again appeal to similarity, which gives them a third degree of freedom, and justify their move on the grounds that similar mates are more compatible.
The results indicated that PGP is completely incompatible with PLA, but partially compatible with PLGA and PSTP, which may be attributed to a hydrogen bonding effect.
These results imply that PGP is more compatible with PSTP than with PLGA.
DSC, FTIR and phase contrast microscopy measurements indicated that PGP was completely incompatible with PLA, but partially compatible with PLGA and PSTP, due to a hydrogen bonding effect.
Ondansetron at a concentration of 0.03, 0.1, or 0.3 mg/mL (as the hydrochloride salt) is compatible with an equal volume of piperacillin-tazo- bactam at a concentration of (1) 40 mg and 5 mg or (2) 80 mg and 10 mg (both as the sodium salt) per millili­ ter for at least four hours.
The coupling agent (cid:231)-glycidyloxypropyltrimethoxysilane (GOTMS) was chosen to enhance the compatibility between the polyimide (PI) and silica (SiO2).
The thermal properties of the compatibilized PI/SiO2 hybrids were investigated by DSC and TGA.
In this case, the incompatibility of the two components of the polyimide/silica (PI/SiO2) hybrids makes the dispersion of the inorganic SiO2 particles into the polyimide matrix difficult.
In this work, a coupling agent, (cid:231)-gly- cidyloxypropyltrimethoxysilane (GOTMS), was chosen to improve this compatibility and thereby improve the mechanical properties of the hybrid materials.
It can be observed that the compatibility between the two phases of PI and SiO2 is greatly improved with increasing amounts of GOTMS.
It also offers good compatibility with various ArF resists.
water-soluble cel Y ulose grafted with phospholipid polymer Improvement of blood compatibility on cellulose dialysis membrane.
The relevant results confirm that the compatibility between copper and SF6 is superior to that between copper and the C6F12O–N2 gas mixture.
For I. fumosorosea conidia, Armak 2042, Armak 2081 and Armak 2087 were all compatible, while Armak 2079, Silwet Eco and Yucca Ag-Aide all reduced the germination percentage under these conditions.
As a consequence, C2S and C$ were suggested to be a compatible pair; however, Pliego-Cuervo 14, Strigac 11, and Kapralic et al.
13, who experimented at temperatures from 950 to 1200 °C, have reported that C5S2$ is stable and that C2S and C$ are not compatible.
Sahu 12 have reported incompatibility between C2AS and C4AF and also between C4AF and C3S2.
C-$-A-F system: the pairs C4AF+C$ and C4AF+C4A3$ are reported to be compatible at temperatures be- tween 950 and 1150 °C by Kapralic 13 and Strigac 11.
C-A-S-$ system: Strigac 11 reports compatibility be- tween C4A3$ and C5S2$, in agreement with Kapralic 13 and Pliego-Cuervo 14.
A series of experiments are made in order to check the compatibility of the phase pairs within the C-S-A-$-F system, both in air and in sealed conditions, and under various SO2 and O2 partial pres- sure atmospheres.
They are proven compatible with C4A3$ only in air.
C5S2$ proved compatible with C4AF in air but not under any of the SO2 containing atmospheres used.
C$ proved compatible with C4AF under all condi- tions explored.
This could explain the reason why Sahu et al 12 believed C2S and C$ to be compatible at temperatures above 1150°C.
The incompatibility of C2AS+C4AF reported by Sahu has proven to be partially wrong.
the incompatibility of the phase pair C and C$.
Our data give evidence of a remarkable compatibility between Ca-gluconate and glycero- or glucose-phosphate, exceeding by far the limited solubility of Ca-gluconate and potassium-phosphate.
 The biocompatibility of the γ-PGA-Keratin hydrogel was assessed.
Discussion In this work, it has been shown that the VeroClearTM material in combination with the Objet30 Pro 3D printer (StrataSys) can be used to produce containers, which are compatible with the PAGAT polymer gel.
RENOLIT Medical supplies polyolefins,23 while MELITEK provides XE film grades of PP with high purity and without plasticizers for medical and pharmaceutical applications.24 It is claimed that these non-PVC containing alternatives fulfil all the demands posed on blood compatible materials.
Since it is obviously difficult to com pletely predict compatibility on theo retical grounds, neomycin sulfate has also been tested for its physical com patibility with a large number of other ingredients.
These, however, have not been successful in increasing yield and therefore breeders are now attempting introgression of characters, including self-compatibility from other species.
For instance, the transfer of valuable genetic traits such as self-fertility and frost tolerance, and important agronomic charac- ters, such as grain yield, have so far proved to be very difficult due to the cross- incompatibility of common buckwheat.
Physi- cal compatibility of 4% sodium citrate with selected antimicrobial agents.
radicis-cucumerinum were vegetatively incompatible with F. oxysporum f. sp.
Vegetative-compatibility groups in populations of Fu- sarium oxysporum in Israel.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae.
In field trials, the LLITN proved to be compatible with A. swirskii while decreasing pest densities.
Finally, in commercial cucumber greenhouses, A. swirskii was compatible with the LLITN bifenthrin-treated net studied and the infestations levels of the two pests that had entered the greenhouse (B. tabaci and F. occidentalis) were significantly lower than in the control greenhouse.
Colomer I, Aguado P, Medina P, Heredia RM, Fereres A, Belda JD and Viñuela E, Field trial measuring the compatibility of methoxyfenozide and flonicamid with Orius laevigatus Fieber (Hemiptera: Anthocoridae) and Amblyseius swirskii (Athias-Henriot) (Acari: Phytoseiidae) in a commercial pepper greenhouse.
In each case, it can be seen that the original three component recipes were markedly incompatible, that the "random" combina- tions show a distinct improvement in compatibility, and that the use of carefully selected primary combinations has resulted in almost completely compatible recipes.
In addition to its toxicity and environmental impact, it presents some compatibility issues with nitro- glycerine and cannot be used for double base propellant formulations, because of its high basicity.
On the other hand, P-methyl-N-nitroaniline (MNA) and N-ethyl-p-nitroani- line (ENA) have been proved to be quite effective stabilizers in propellants, but they easy crystallize because of their bad compatibility with NG and NC, which limited their applica- tion in solid propellant formulations.
For these two mixtures, the resulting peak temperatures are Therefore, DPA and MENA are both compatible with pure NC according to the STANAG 4147 criterion.
In contrast, the nitrocellulose stabilized with ANA presents a higher NOx released than that of the pure NC, which indicates and confirms the bad stabilizing effect of this stabilizer, and its incompatibility with NC.
Methods 0, 2, 4, 6, or 8 wt% of SEBS-g-MA are used as a compatilizer for the mixtures that are composed of CF and PLA masterbatches.
In addition, PLA has a low compatibility to CF.
Therefore, EMC compatibility standardization as a whole is uncompleted in the frequency range of 2 to 150 kHz.
Additional vegetative compatibility groups in Colletotrichum coccodes subpopulations from Europe and Israel.
In a recent study (14), vegetative compatibility of 123 isolates of C. coccodes from North America (United States and Canada) originating from po- tato, tomato, pepper, and mint was tested using nit mutants.
Vegeta- tive compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae.
As for SDP, the incompatibility plays a significant role for degradation of its performance with the use of LFL.
Bouslah et al.9 has reported the compatibilization of an immiscible pair, PS and unmodified PMMA by incorporating cin- namic acid into the PS chains.
The lower values of interaction parameters indicate that the PS and P4VP are not fully compatible, but physi- cally miscible up to a certain extent.
Laznik and Trdan (2014) described the compatibility of EPNs with insecti- cides as a strain-specific phenomenon and reported that S. feltiae and H. bacteriophora were compatible with azadiractin and pirimicarb.
The results of this study and those by Laznik and Trdan (2014) proposed that the compatibility of EPNs with selected insecticides may offer cost-effective alternative pest control strategy.
Conclusions The present study highlighted two major findings: (1) the EPNs, S. carpocapse, and H. indica were compatible and had a synergistic interaction with spinosad (Tracer® 240SC) against two larval instars of S. litura, and (2) young larval instars of S. litura were more susceptible to insecticide and nematode-spinosad mixtures.
Self-compatibility in Lolium temulentum L: its genetic control and transfer into Lolium perenne L and L. multiflorum Lam.
Our group also reported the lotus-leaf-like polystyrene micro- and nanostructure ﬁlm that reveals superhy- drophobicity and good blood compatibility [23].
However, MCC surrounds PEG molecules without diffus- ing in its network, indicating low PEG-MCC compatibility.
This that PVP and HPMC are more compatible with PEG400 as a plasticizer than MCC.
PVP is more compatible with PEG than HPMC, and MCC shows the least com- patibility.
• MCC is less compatible with PEG than PVP and HPMC.
Zn doped HA (up to the doping limit of 2.5 %) shows hemocompatibility for both the doping sites.
Additionally, the increased polarity induced by the inclusion of the amide groups significantly improved aqueous electrolyte compatibility of the ProDOT-Am polymers P2 and P3.
However, BIMS rubber and phenol formaldehyde resin blends exhibit very limited compatibility with each other and phase separation even at very low phenolic tackiﬁer concentration.
This shows that BIMS/hydrocarbon resin mixtures are homogenous even at 30 phr resin concentration compatibility between the blend components.
This shows that BIMS/phe- nolic resin blends are not homogeneous even at lower resin concentration suggesting the limited compatibility between the blend components.
Estimation of the glass transition temperature (Tg) of the BIMS/phenolic resin blends through DSC also corroborates the limited compatibility between the BIMS rubber and the phenolic resin tackiﬁer.
The compatibil- ity between various combinations of the blend com- ponents has been investigated by means of UV–vis spectroscopy, DMA, DSC, and SEM.
In order to evaluate both the mycorrhizal compatibility and the symbiotic seed germination of G. australis, we isolated and identified its root endophytic fungal strains as well as those from two sympatric species: Gavilea lutea and Codonorchis lessonii.
Clearly the toluene and Buna-N are incompatible at these conditions.
Pairing of the reference crystalline (crystalline domain size Lc = 10.22 nm) NDI-selenophene copolymer (PNDIS-HD) with crystalline (Lc = 9.15 nm) benzodithiophene-thieno[3,4-b]thiophene copolymer (PBDTTT-CT) donor yields incompatible blends, whose BHJ solar cells have a power conversion eﬃciency (PCE) of 1.4%.
Pairing of the new 30PDI copolymer acceptor, which has a substantially decreased and optimal crystallinity, with PBDTTT-CT donor is found to give compatible blends and all-polymer solar cells with enhanced performance (PCE = 6.3%, Jsc = 18.6 mA/cm2, external quantum eﬃciency (EQE) = 91%).
This poor photovoltaic performance of the PNDIS-HD/PBDTTT-CT blend system means that is incompatible.
However, similar blends of the new NDI/PDI copolymer (30PDI) acceptor with optimal crystallinity (Lc = 5.11 nm) and the same PBDTTT- CT were found to be compatible with substantially enhanced photovoltaic properties (PCE = 6.3%, Jsc = 18.6 mA/cm2, and EQE = 91%), which are the highest to date for all-polymer solar cells.
I have shown that, as the coefficient of relationship increases, the level of cross-compatibility between P. drummondii plants declines.
Geneticsofredclover(Trifolium pratense L.) compatibility.
Amino acids plus dextrose, commercially available multiple-electrolyte solutions, and individual salt solu­ tions were tested for compatibility with ciprofloxacin (Table 1).
Ciprofloxacin is visually compatible with the tested components of TPN solutions for two hours at room temperature.
In conclusion, the novel Zn–Ag–HA nanoparticles were found to be compatible with in vitro experiments and having potential antibacterial properties.
This study assessed the compatibility of one white clover variety selected for competitive ability (Giga) and four other large-leaved clover varieties (Aran, Espanso, Fantastico and Regal) in mown binary mixtures with each of four grass companions (cocksfoot cv.
Greater competitive ability of Giga implied greater 322 P. Annicchiarico and S. Proietti compatibility of white clover with grass companions in two respects.
First, it widened the range of compatible grass companions, as the hybrid ryegrass AberExcel would have been the only grass allowing a nearly sufﬁcient clover proportion in the absence of Giga.
Secondly, it allowed signiﬁcantly improved total DM yield and weed control of clover-grass mixtures, when comparing the top-yielding compatible mixture includ- ing Giga (Giga and tall fescue Magno) with that excluding it (Espanso and AberExcel).
The possible selection of clover varieties with even greater competitive ability than Giga may further enlarge the range of compatible grass companions to such an extent as to include the outstandingly high-yielding cocksfoot Padania.
The combination of genetic progress and improved management, as implied by the adoption of Giga and wider grass-row spacing, may already sufﬁce to obtain compatible mixtures with Padania.
It also highlights the positive impact on clover compatibility of enhanced competitive ability, and the genetic gain for this trait which has been achieved through the development of Giga, a variety which has other valuable agronomical traits, such as moderately high winter hardiness under ﬁeld and artiﬁcial testing conditions (Annicchiarico et al., 2001) and nil cyanogenic potential (Annicchiarico and Tava, 2004).
This means that PEN/PBN blends are somewhat compatible based on their tensile properties.
CONCLUSION The compatibility of poldethylene 2,6-naphthalate) (PEN) and poly(buty1ene 2.6-naphthalate) (PBN) blends was observed from the Tgs and the tensile properties.
Conclusion A kind of high compatibility cationic UV-curable ﬂuorine- containing polyacrylic epoxy prepolymer with different molecular weight and ﬂuorine content was successfully synthesized using hexaﬂuorobutyl acrylate, butyl acrylate and glycidyl methacry- latby as co-monomer.
-1- betlbeen plasmids indicates compatibility.
R621a was compatible with I%, I / j and plasmids.
JR66a is incompatible with plasmids of groups Ia and IF.
Diversity of vegetative compatibility groups of Cryphonectria parasitica in Connecticut and Europe.
Vegetative compatibility type diversity of Cryphonectria parasitica in Bosnia-Herzegovina, Spain and France.
Self-progeny from IMC 60 A total of 39 self-fertilized individuals were obtained from 550 seedlings produced after pollinations made on IMC 60, another SI clone, using a mixture of compatible and incompatible pollen.
Genetic diversity and allele specificity Two old T. cacao varieties, Amelonado and Criollo, are the ancestors and the main sources of self-compatibility alleles in the species.
Discussion Theobroma cacao has a complex incompatibility system under the control of several genes.
Genetics of self-compatibility in a self- compatible wild diploid potato species Solanum chacoense.
There is considerable variation in the relationship of vegetative compatibility groups and races in different formae speciales of F. oxysporum.
A comparison of heterokaryosis and vegetative incompatibility among varieties of Gibber- ella fujikuroi.
However, 76% of fungicides and 90% of insecticides commonly used against stone fruit pests are compatible with P. frequentans.
4 DISCUSSION A series of chemicals and a biocontrol agent used against stone fruit brown rot was tested for their compatibility with the biocontrol fungus P. frequentans Pf909 through in vitro and in vivo assays.
sharing high numbers of visitors, and that compatibility among attrac- tions is positively related to complementarities between them.
two wildlife attrac- tions that exhibit different types of animals and are assumed to be compatible.
With silane interaction between wood flour and PP improves and the inter- nal structure becomes more compact, but excessive silane molecules may also weaken the compatibility and bonding force between wood flour and PP, which is similar to MAPP.
The synthesized networks are compatible with Spice-based circuit simulators.
Remifentanil 25 and 250 µg/mL (as hydrochloride) in 0.9% sodium chloride injec- tion was compatible for four hours at ~23 °C with all the drugs studied except chlor- promazine hydrochloride (with remifentanil 25 µg/mL), cefoperazone sodium (with remifentanil 250 µg/mL), and amphotericin B (with remifentanil 250 µg/mL in 5% dextrose injection).
Most of Remifentanil Report these compatible combinations were determined to be essentially without haze, having turbidities of <0.1 NTU.
On the contrary, spinosad and indoxacarb were significantly compatible and were found safe to conidial germination and growth of the fungi.
Results Thirty combinations were identified as compatible by HPLC-DAD.
We examined evidence for effects of good genes and genetic compatibility on embryonic survival of sea lamprey (Petromyzon marinus), a ﬁsh species with external fertilization that spawns in North Atlantic rivers.
So, matrices A and B are incompatible.
The compatibi lity of cefodizime with commonly used injectable drugs (raniti dine, metoclopramide, folinic ac.id, furosemide, aminophilline, methylprednisolone, betamethasone, hydrocortisone, dexa methasone, ketoprofen, noramidopyrine, acetylcysteine, di goxin, diazepam, acetylsalicylic add, chlorpromazine, doni dine, clomipramine) was studied in 0.9% sodium chloride and 5% dextrose at room temperature.
Our approach has been shown to be compatible with both an unmodiﬁed Apple iPad using its existing iOS Bluetooth stack with no changes whatsoever, as well as with a PC running the Nordic Semiconductor nRF51882 BLE chipset.
However, amphoteric PAHYs, owing to their relatively high biocompatibility, deserve atten- tion as fast biodegradable and bioeliminable drug carriers.
Table I also displays the properties of the proposed MIMO wideband HF waveform, which shows a balance between backwards compatibility with legacy baseline waveform im- plementations and new features that exploit MIMO to improve performance at all SNR.
Graphene due to its high temperature conductivity shows better temperature compatibility in varied temperature range including room temperature and above.
Visual compatibility of flucon­ azole with commonly used in­ jectable drugs during simulated Y-sitc administra­ tion.
In­ compatibilities among the various compounds in solu­ tion can produce crystals and block i.v.
Although PEI has high thermal stability, the PEI/BD blend has poorer thermal stability than BD resin due to the incompatibility.
With the addition of AHBSi into the PEI/BD blend, AHBSi chemically connects PEI and BD, leading to the increased compatibility; moreover, interestingly, both thermal and thermo-oxidative stabilities are signiﬁcantly improved.
Many methods have been used to improve the compatibility between HTP and TS resin.
Voronov and his associates synthesized a peroxide compatibilizer that contains the segments of the thermoplastic polymer;[10] however, the peroxide had poor thermal stability, and thus which is not suitable for the HTP/TS resins.
As mentioned above, AHBSi improves the compatibility between PEI and BD through the chemical reactions; in addition, the low viscosity of Table 3.
Speciﬁcally, being heated at high temperature, the whole PEI/BD blend quickly and completely de- composes due to the poor compatibility.
The AHBSi/PEI/BD system has signiﬁcantly improved compatibil- ity as AHBSi chemically connects PEI and BD resin.
The results indicate that VAL is incompatible with crospovidone and hypromellose, which reduced the VAL content and gave rise to new peaks in the chromatogram due to degradation products.
incompatible with several APIs, due to generation of hydrogen peroxide (Yue et al., 2009; Wu et al., 2011).
This finding suggests that crospovidone is incompatible with VAL under these conditions (high humidity and temperature).
Hydroxypropyl methylcellulose acetate succinate: potential drug-excipient incompatibility.
Compared to the traditional polysiloxanes, the PEGylated polysiloxane is expected to be used to incorporate both lipophilic and hydrophilic ingredient with sufﬁcient compatibility.
Conclusion Our study initially reported the transmembrane transporting alterations of toxic monoester and diester diterpenoid alkaloids from processed aconite root across Caco-2 monolayers caused by compatibilities of different herbs in SND, and by their metabolisms in intestinal bacteria.
Stra¨tlingite shows compatibility with gypsum, calcite, sulfate and carbonate AFm and AFt at temperatures below about 55 °C.
The compatibilities of RAFSs with hot water, Pb–17Li, lithium and Flibe are considered to be good enough for the TBM applications.
This also holds true for compatibility of TCM because it can help explain the efﬁcacy and toxicity of single herbs and their combinations.
hydrogen bonds and π-π stacking of benzene rings) exist between TC-cPSB and TR-PBO, which can enhance the interphase adhesion to eliminate incompatibility.
Plasmid-based interspecies complementation experiments with “clean deletion” sirD mutants revealed that SIR2 and SIR3 were completely interspecies compatible in both direc- tions (Figure 2, A and B, and Table 1).
cepae isolates in diﬀer- ent onion-growing areas using vegetative compatibility grouping and restriction polymorphisms in the IGS region of rDNA.
asparagi into vegetatively compatible groups.
Bretylium tosylate was also found to be compatible with all the additives tested except phenytoin sodium; a precipitate formed immediately when the latter drug was added to the bretylium tosylate solution.
The breeding of improved cultivars of both species and their hybrids is largely based on the functioning of a two-locus (SZ), multiallelic, gametophy- tic incompatibility system (Cornish et al, 1979; Fearon et al, 1983) that prevents selﬁng, enabling the production of genetically variable but stable synthetic populations exhibiting good combining ability.
Self-incompatibility in rye I.
In any case, the high compatibility between PVC and the diols results in the acceleration of the dechlorination of PVC.
This system is found to be compatible up to about 60% TMBPA.
Nit mutant composition of A. parasiticus conidia from the wild-type complementa- tion zone arising from vegetatively compatible pairingsa Pairing VCG No.
There were distinct incompatibility barriers between the three species.
Complementary pairs of mutants were tested on MM for ability to form heterokaryons (with a wild-type pheno- type), indicating vegetative compatibility.
Thus there are indications of divergence within the population of C. kahawe, suggesting the emergence of incompatibility groups, which might eventually lead to genetic isolation and speciation.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticillium dahliae from ornamental woody plants.
Vegetative compatibility groupings in a local population of Fusarium oxysporum.
Classiﬁcation of strains of Fusarium oxysporum on the basis of vegetative compatibility.
In the framework of the bilayered ODFs the compatibility between the ﬁlm forming agents hydroxypropyl cellulose (HPC), sodium alginate (SA), hydroxyethyl cellulose (HEC) and the combination hypromellose–carbomer 974P (SCS) was investigated.
Due to the good compatibility of these two adjacent compo- nents, the free volume for EPR molecules also increases.
These results conﬁrm that the EPR and EbP fractions have a good compatibility.
With this objective in mind, the diversity in vegetative compatibility (vc) types and mating types of C. parasitica populations was assessed in 43 chestnut sites in western France and northern Spain.
Diversity of vegetative compatibility groups of Cryphonectria parasitica in Connecticut and Europe.
High diversity of vegetative compatibility types in Cryphonectria parasitica in Japan and China.
Low diversity of vegetative compatibility types and mating type of Cryphonectria parasitica in the southern Balkans.
Vegetative compatibility type diversity of Cryphonectria parasitica in Bosnia-Herzegovina, Spain and France.
Experimental they were quite compatible.
Therefore P is also ES incompatible.
Zhang et al.20 used poly(2-ethyl-2-oxazoline) as a compatibilizer to enhance the compatibility of soy protein and poly(lactic acid).
To improve the compatibility of the soy protein isolate/PBS blends, the aliphatic polyester was endowed with urethane groups by reacting poly(butylene succinate) diol with toluene-2,4-diisocyanate (TDI) at different ratios.
In order to avoid the occurrence of an extreme situation that TDI only reacted with SPI, the procedure in which PBS prepolymer ﬁrst reacted with TDI and then blended with SPI, was utilized to prepare compatible SPI/PBS blends.
Further- more, the residual NCO groups attached to PBS molecular chains can react with functional groups in SPI, which further improve the compatibility between SPI and PBS, thus leading Figure 3.
Urethane groups in PBS- T1n improved the compatibility between the SPI and PBS.
The glass transition of the soy protein shifted to low temperature in the compatible blends compared with that of the pure SPI.
Blends of the same PoCS with the 10,000 and 20,000 molecular weight polystyrenes were also observed to be compatible by DSC.
The copolymers acts as a compatibilizer to PP/EPDM blend to improve and stabilize the morphological structure.
For instance, Dikobe and Luyt regarded EVA and PP as completely incompatible, possibly because they selected different PP and EVA raw materials from those we used.
Species with a pH higher than 4.9 are considered incompatible.
Two common Canadian softwood species: jack pine (Pinus banksiana) and balsam ﬁ r (Abies balsamea), and two common Canadian hardwood species: white birch (Betula papyrifera) and aspen (Populus tremu- loides) were used in order to determine their compatibility with gypsum and gypsum-Portland cement mixtures.
On this basis, the species analysed in this study can be considered as potentially compatible with gypsum and gypsum-cement binders.
According to Hachmi and Moslemi (1989) some species such as Acacia mollissima have a low extrac- tive content but are incompatible with inorganic binders.
Wood species classiﬁ cation based on the compatibility factor FC.
Biodiesel compatibility with carbon steel and HDPE parts.
The modification of the single fractions by SBS was evaluated using FM, which indicated that aromatics were the most compatible ones, followed by resins and saturates.
The first one is that this paper showed that with the appropriate choice of PE and under certain conditions, stable mixes may be obtained, but at the same time, it confirms the very low compatibility because the stability is obtained only with very low amounts of PE (a phase separation was detected in 3% m-LLDPE blends after a storage time of 24 h at 165°C).
The formation of sulfur bridges within the aromatic and naphthenic components of asphalt may create structured complexes able to “wrap” the SBS particles through polysulfide or sulfide bonds, which leads to improved compatibility with asphalt.
The presence of a single acidic functionality is incompatible with this mechanism and leads the mono-acid to have an effect similar to that of hydrocarbon oils.
Again, the idea is to obtain the features of both polymers, but a compatibilizer is needed and the MAH group is supposed to work with not only SBS but also the polyolefin owing to hydroxyl functionalities deriving from its recycled nature.
Acetylcysteine was found to be compatible with micro- crystalline cellulose (Avicel PH lo]), sodium carboxymethylcellu- lose, amorphous silicon dioxide (Aerosil), PVP, cross-linked PVP (Polyplasdone XL), corn starch, saccharose and magnesium stear- ate.
Similar to Ti, Nb is highly unreactive and biocompatible in the body.
Ti is known to be nontoxic and cytocompatible because a stable oxide ﬁlm forms on its surface, which shows good biocompatibility, and can effectively inhibit the release of metal ions.
In molecular simulation, Flory-Huggins interaction parameters were calculated to estimate the blend compatibility, in which PAN and PVP were found to be immiscible.
HeatofMixingandCompatibility Schneier17 calculated the heat of mixing (DHm) for a number of compatible and incompatible polymer blends.
mortality due to fungus as well as low larval weight gains were recorded in MSKE + F and PSKE + F. Hence, seed kernel extracts of Melia and Pongamia can be considered compatible with N. rileyi.
KEY WORDS: Nomuraea rileyi; compatibility; oils; plant origin antifeedants; Spodoptera litura; Ricinus communis.
Conclusion It was shown that the compatibility difference of the compo- nents in the mixed solvent system had an important inﬂuence on the ﬁnal performance of PPES ﬁbers, especially for the polyhydric additives and the cosolvent THF molecules.
It was found that the phosphonated polyetheramines SI-2 and SI-3 showed an excellent compatibility performance with all concentrations up to 10000 ppm Ca2+ ions over the 24 h test period.
The maximum amount of Phos that was compatible in solutions that contained at least 10 mmol/L of Ca in 2.5% amino acids (AA) was determined.
A previous study, performed in 2013 [11], attempted to evaluate compatibility of CaCl2 and sodium phosphate (NaPhos) in solutions of TrophAmine, however, not all concentrations of amino acids (AA), Ca, and Phos could be evaluated due to a national shortage of NaPhos.
In this study replicate PN solutions were compounded containing the maximum amounts of NaPhos that appeared compatible, as defined above, in Study 1 for solutions containing 2.5% AA, with and without added cysteine, and a CaCl2 concentration of 10 mmol/L.
Increasing magnesium concentrations in solu- tions can decrease the concentrations of Ca and Phos that appear to be compatible [27–28].
However, with compatible products, the use of informa- tive advertising as a pre-emptive strategy is less effective than with non-compatible prod- ucts.
Therfore, after Nespresso’s patents were revoked, many firms in different countries began to produce and sell machines and coffee pods that were fully compatible with Nespresso (e.g., PODiSTA, the leading brand in Australia and in the Spanish market).
Until the present moment, the PEgMA (polyethylene grafted with maleic anhydride) is the most effective compatibilizer agent between thermoplastic starch and polyethylene.
Thus, the use of organic acids, as capric or palmitic acid, proved to be a practicable and promising alternative to improve the compatibility of these components.
Properly heat-treated All350 and AM355 precipitation-hardened stainless staels are compatible with hydrazine.
Only immature A. galaxii and H. spinigera were found in introduced ﬁsh species and at low infection levels, indicating low host–parasite compatibility.
In contrast, C. parvum prevalence was high in P. ﬂuviatilis but the parasite’s abundance and maturity rate (% of egg-producing individuals) were among the lowest of infected ﬁsh species, indicating host–parasite incompatibility in the C. parvum and P. ﬂuviatilis associ- ation.
Overall, the Li3InCl6 SSE owns essential advantages over the commercial sulfide SSEs in terms of air/humidity durability and compatibility with bare oxide cathodes, making it significantly attractive for practical applications.
Lopes MS, Catelani TA, Nascimento ALCS, Garcia JS, Trevisan MG. Ketoconazole: compatibility with pharmaceutical excipients using DSC and TG techniques.
It was found that the PVC is compatible with the EVA when EVA weight fraction (WEVA) is less than 0.25 or larger than 0.45.
In the present study, EVA, which is also a commercial product, was chosen to improve the pervaporation of PVC mem- brane, and a trial has been made to prepare PVC/EVA blends and their blend membranes to examine their compatibility and the pervaporation of their blend membranes for benzene/cyclohexane mixtures.
PVC/EVA blends are compatible except for WEVA from 0.25 to 0.45.
O objetivo deste estudo foi avaliar a virulência de nematoides entomopatogênicos (NEPs) sobre a broca-do-café H. hampei e a sua compatibilidade com o inseticida ciantraniliprole em condições de laboratório.
In a study carried out by Rovesti and Deseö (1990), the compatibility of various phytosanitary products against H. bacteriophora, S. carpocapsae, and S. feltiae was studied and low viability of H. bacteriophora was observed after exposure to the fungicides mancozeb and metalaxyl + folpet.
The high compatibility is perhaps the result of the occurrence of crosslinking between LDPE and EVA- 18, which forms macromolecules acting as compatibi- lizers.
It is well known that diblock copoly- mers have extensively been used as effective compati- bilizers in incompatible blends.
This high compatibility is probably the result of LDPE macromolecule diffu- sion in the EVA-18 phase or the in situ formation of crosslinks between EVA-18 and LDPE macromole- cules.
INTRODUCTION Self-incompatibility is a phenomenon in which no seed is produced when a male-fertile plant is selfed .
Self-incompatibility is encountered in many cultivated species of plants including red clover, Trifolium pratense L .
The application of self-incompatibility in the production of single- and double-cross hybrid red clover can take advantage of the non-additive genetic variance present in populations .
Pseudo-self-compatibility and segregation of gametophytic self-incompatibility alleles in red clover, Trifolium pratense L .
Pseudo-self-compatibility in red clover, Trifolium pratense L .
We investigated interspeciﬁc cross-(in)compatibility among ﬁve species in Prunus (Rosaceae), namely P. armeniaca, P. avium, P. mume, P. persica and P. salicina.
For breeding purposes, the identiﬁcation and selection of P. avium cultivars that are compatible with other species, along with the use of cultivars as bridge lines, might be a possible solution to overcome the reproductive barrier in the subgenus Cerasus.
In addition, Prunus shows diverse patterns of interspeciﬁc incompatibility according to cross combinations and cross directions.
Interspeciﬁc cross-compatibility in Prunus.
Self-compatible peach (Prunus persica) has mutant versions of the S haplotypes found in self-incompatible Prunus species.
Interspeciﬁc cross compatibility among plum, apricot and plumcot.
lower levels of partial self-compatibility to their progenies and, in one of the production to be the number of flowering sites at which the incompatibility mechanism failed feature determining INTRODUCTlON sporophytic incompatibility Brassica oleracea has a single locus, multi-allelic, system (THOMPSON, 1957) which is utilised in the production of hybrid cultivars of the horticul- tural and agricultural varieties of the species.
In 1969, Porter designated these populations as Rana maslini, a new species, on the basis of reputed genetic incompatibility with Rana sylvatica from Manitoba.
Porter (1969a, 1969b) described the Rocky Mountain wood frog as a new species, Rana maslini, on the basis of genetic incompatibility with wood frogs from southern Manitoba.
Moreover, these PVA/natu- ral polymers blends have promising industrial applications in many ﬁelds because of their biode- gradability, biocompatibility, resistance, and excellent physical properties.
XRD and DSC tests show that the SPI/PVA ﬁlms have good compatibility, and the presence of glycerol has reduced the crystallinity of PVA/SPI blends.
Current investigation unambiguously connoted that ar- temether was compatible with pyrimethamine or sulpha- doxine in combinations, but their ternary mixtures are not safe if co-formulated.
The compatibility certain commercial detergents enzyme retained 96.4%, 94% and 86% of its activity of incubation at 40°C in the presence of the detergent brands Surf Excel Blue, Surf Excel and Fena Bar respectively.
Enzyme compatibility with several commercially III.
Amylase from MTCC 610 was found to be highly compatible with Surf Excel Blue detergent, incubation thermostable with a wide range of commercial for Bacillus stability detergents an alkalitolerant amylase, detergents activity.
These results provide clear evidence that TPFPB is highly stable and compatible with the car- bonaceous anode.
Discussion The present study provides evidence that incompatibility barri- ers are absent between M. rubrum and M. schiedeanum.
Despite low seed production, there is evidence (pollen tube detection, seed set in some ﬂowers of most treatments, high ger- mination rates of viable hybrid seeds formed) that prezygotic incompatibility barriers between M. rubrum and M. schiedeanum are weak or absent.
In this respect, Pillon and Utracki,[8] sug- gested hydrogen bonding type interactions in blends of polyethylene terephthalate and polyamide 6,6 as a way of physical compatibility.
The literature points out that highly reactive groups, such as MAH, are the best compatibilizers for polyolefin and PA6 blends, as compared to diethylmaleate, glycidyl methacrylate and ethylene-vinylacetate.
This result is contradictory to the result obtained by DSC, which shows a higher degree of incompatibility of SC and stearate.
Magnesium stearate shows incompatibility with acid substances, such as acetyl salicylic acid [22], where DSC and LC methods corroborate each other.
In [23], rubber-con- taining blends at low temperatures are reported to be single-phase systems, whereas in [22, 24, 25], polyiso- prene is found to be incompatible with polybutadiene.
In a wide range of compositions and temperatures, the above polymers are seen to be incompatible.
In the temperature and concentration interval under study, NC and SKN-18 are seen to be incompatible.
The improved compatibility of the nitrile rubber with NC entails not only a decrease in the UCST, but the critical concentration also increases.
In addition to these six mutants, a number of plants originated from both control and irradiated leaves were found to be tetraploid and self-compatible .
One of the self-compatible mutants constantly produces seeds upon selfing (in average 70 seeds per self-pollination) whereas the second one is rather sterile (70% pollen abortion) and, upon selfing, sets seeds in quantities which range from 0 to 300 .
Incompatibility in autotetraploid Trifoliim pratense .
Mating incompatibility among populations of the South American fruit ﬂy Anastrepha fraterculus (Diptera: Tephritidae).
The resulting MAH-g-EPDM has successfully been used in our laboratories as compatibilizer for NR–EPDM blend.
successfully been used as compatibilizer In this research, the compatibility of EPDM and NBR rubbers is examined with the addition of epoxidized EPDM (Ep-EPDM) or aminated epoxidized EPDM (Am-Ep-EPDM) as compatibilizers.
The composition of EPDM–NBR blends with and without different compatibilizers.
It is clear that the two investigated compatibilizers improved the morphology and the compatibility of the blend; this may be attributed to the reduction of the interfacial tension between EPDM and NBR rubbers.
The permittivity of EPDM–NBR vulcanizates with and without compatibil- izers, at 1 kHz.
Thus, the permittivity measurements confirmed the results obtained previously with the viscosity measurements and the scanning electron micro- scope, that Ep-EPDM and Am-Ep-EPDM improved the compatibility of EPDM–NBR blends.
Formulations and characteristics of the NBR–EPDM blends compatibilized with Ep-EPDM.
Formulations and characteristics of the NBR–EPDM blends compatibilized with Am-Ep-EPDM.
But Group 5 is also water-containing, and is compatible with PA11 according to Table 3.
The new formulation of GalliPro® is compatible with formic acid up to 2600 mg/kg.
Solanum torvum as a compatible rootstock in interspecific tomato grafting.
5 Commercially available membranes were characterized for their compatibility for with CHP and CHP-H2CO3.
CHP and CHP-H2CO3 were not expected to be compatible with all membranes tested.
4 Conclusions Several NF and RO membranes were tested to compare and contrast their chemical compatibility in a filtration environment with CHP-H2CO3 at different filtration conditions.
Croft and Jinks divided the wild population of Aspergillus nidulans into a number of independent subpopulations (or VCGs) on the basis of vegetative compatibility (9).
haplont, while its compatible component I-26 is an oidia!
In pseudogamous apomicts, reproduction via single individuals requires self-pollination and consequently self-compatibility (SC) for production of viable seeds.
Diploid sexual taxa and also their F1 hybrids are completely self-incompatible (SI).
Up to now, the compatibility of DSP with tropisetron hydro- chloride, dolasetron mesylate, azasetron hydro- chloride and ramosetron hydrochloride has not been reported.
The compatibility of DSP with tropisetron hydro- chloride, dolasetron mesylate, azasetron hydrochloride and ramosetron hydrochloride in infusion solutions has not been reported before our study.
Visual compatibility of ondansetron and dexamethasone.
Hence, the prepared blends are compatible in all propor- tions.
From all these points, it can be concluded that CPE and EMA are technologically well compatible with each other and thus prepared blends may have potential application where the oil resistance, flame resistance, low temperature flexibility, and mechanical properties are necessary.
Instead, at high concentrations TMAO can be compatible with cellular machinery through its neu- trality toward hydrophobic interactions.
The structural diﬀerences be- tween LDPE and HC make them incompatible.
• POP: We used the “popularity” of bottom bj to measure its compatibility with top ti.
Therefore, EMA and NBR blends are highly compatible in terms of thermodynamic aspect.
Likewise, herein polar-polar polymer EMA and NBR are compatible in nature.
In our case, the compatibility of these EMA/NBR blends could be because of either hydrogen bonding between the carbonyl moieties from EMA and the α-hydrogen of NBR rubber or dipole-dipole attraction between carbonyl moieties from EMA and C-N group from NBR rubber chains [6].
431 Therefore, EMA and NBR blends are highly compatible in terms of thermodynamic aspect.
Besides, it is pretty much a well-known fact that polar polymers are miscible with numerous It reveals that EMA and NBR are well compatible throughout the blend ratios as it has polar group bearing backbones such as acrylic polymers and polyurethanes.
The depression in melting point of EMA in the blends is also a beneficial evidence of the existence of mutual compatibility between NBR and EMA.
Hence, the EMA/ NBR blends have showed better thermal stability over the constituent polymers, which was the direct consequence of high degree of compatibility between EMA and NBR.
Moreover, due to the excellent compatibility between EMA and NBR, swelling of NBR is limited in these blends.
It revealed that the blends are well compatible and the dispersed phase shows a particle size of ~200 nm to ~ 600 nm for the various blend ratios.
The compatibility of these two species as hosts was analysed through their rates of infection, the production of rediae and survivorship when exposed to F. hepatica miracidia.
Parasite isolates from Artemisa, Santa Cruz and Arroz were the most compatible with G. cubensis.
Low diversity of vegetative compatibility types and mating type in Cryphonectria parasitica in the southern Balkans.
S-RNase disrupts tip-localized reactive oxygen species and induces nuclear DNA degradation in incompatible pollen tubes of Pyrus pyrifolia.
S-RNase-based self-incompatibility in Petunia inflata.
Sharma K, Sedlak P, Zeka D, Vejl P, Soukup J. Allele-specific PCR detection of sweet cherry self- incompatibility alleles S-3, S-4 and S-9 using consensus and allele-specific primers in the Czech Republic.
Selfcompatible peach (Prunus per- sica) has mutant versions of the S haplotypes found in self-incompatible Prunus species.
Solutions of sodium nitroprusside and amiodarone were visually incompatible over a wide concentration range.
Since a precipitate was observed with sodium nitroprusside and pro- pafenone, additional solutions were prepared to determine the range of incompatible concentrations.
At some concen- trations, dobutamine, propa- fenone, and amiodarone were visu- ally incompatible with sodium nitroprusside.
Therefore, the use of a DGS and BL mixture may improve the general properties of polymer ionic conductors by taking ad- vantage of the good compatibility of DGS with PEO and the low viscosity and high polarity of BL.
Due to the poor compatibility of BL and PEO, BL may easily migrate out of the electrolyte and inﬂuence the stability of the conductivity.
The system I is precompatible.
Without MIMO, the maxi- mum data rates in the same 2.4 and 5 GHz bands were previously limited to 54 Mbps (or 100 Mbps between compatible devices).
The genetic compatibility of the greater fritillary butterﬂies was tested through hybrid crosses made between the North American genus Speyeria and the Eurasian genera Argynnis and Mesoacidalia.
The genetic compatibility and divergence of Speyeria species was tested through hybrid crosses and back-crosses among the various species.
Thus, the species of the callippe group plus S. cybele and S. aphrodite exhibited a Stage 1 level of genomic divergence among the various species with no indications of any genetic incompatibility.
Likewise within Speyeria, all of the species within the central radiation of the genus are extremely conservative in sharing the same basic wing color pattern, and exhibit virtually no genetic incompatibility with fully normal, fertile hybrid males and females.
Two other species show minor genetic incompatibility with other species resulting in adverse Haldane effects in hybrid females, but hybrid males are fertile.
Therefore, the ANLE- to-MSS compatibility is improved by downtilting the ANLE BS antennas for both types of BS antenna patterns (120° and 90°).
Organic sodium glycerophosphate is not susceptible to the same compatibility problems as inorganic phosphorus.
Poly(amic acid) (PAA), derived from ethyl- ene diamine tetraacetic dianhydride, is a cell-compatible polymer.
The results also suggest that hexane has a better compatibility with ASB and is a better solvent than toluene.
ABO-compatible ABO-incomp.
Session 3 was the incompatible spatial condi- tion.
On the basis of DSC results, ibuproxam was found to be compatible with corn starch, avicel and sodium carboxymethylcellulose.
However,	good	 compatibility	is	not	expected	in	all	of	the	subgenus	 Ficus,	as	suggested	by	the	low	 compatibility	on	F. hirta	and	F. erecta.
The	second	best	compatibility	level	was	expected	on	F. septica	that	belongs	to	the	subgenus	 Sycomorus.
A	possible	graft	compatibility	of	common	fig	was	anticipated	on	the	rootstocks	of	F. palmata, F. septica,	 F. pumila,	and	 F. stipulata.
Aspergillus tamarii was divided into types A and B based on morphological differences and the lack of vegetative compatibility between the two types.
New VCGs in asexual species such as A. jlavus, A. parasiticus, and A. tamarii may arise from rare mu tations of incompatibility genes.
Heterokaryon compatibility of closely re lated wild isolates of Aspergillus nidulans.
Vegetative compati bility within populations of Aspergillus jlavus, A. par asiticus, and A. tamarii from a peanut field.
Heterokaryon incompatibility in Asper gillus jlavus.
The compatibility of the PCL/PLLA blends was enhanced by the compatibilizing effect of the poly(l,l-lactide-co- «-caprolactone) [P(lLA-co-«CL)].
To enhance the compatibility of the PCL/PLLA blend, we introduced the copolymer, P(lLA-co- «CL), as a compatibilizer for the blend of PCL/ PLLA.
It was also found that the addition of the compatibilizing agent to the PCL/PLLA blend reduces the area of 230 KIM ET AL.
Solanum tubero- sum, S. bulbocastanum and L. californicum are polymorphic for both compatibility and ploidy.
Character data for both self-(in)compatibility and ploidy is known for 408 species; 40.0% are SI-D, 0.3% are SI-P, 44.0% are SC-D, and 15.7% are SC-P (see Table 1).
Cross-incompatibility between two sympatric polyploid Solanum species.
All the three were found to be compatible.
Besides, it is also found that the polymer scale inhibitors generally have good compatibility with MEG.
Nuclear genomes of type I are incompatible with the cytoplasm of Ae.
An alien scs gene from T. timopheevii caused NC compatibility but male sterility in a euploid NC hybrid of T. durum with Ae.
longissima also requires chromosome 1D for compati- bility, and it has been shown that its plasm type (s12) differs from those of Ae.
Homoeologous group 1 chromosomes of Agropyron restore nucleus-cytoplasm compatibility in alloplasmic common wheat with Agropyron cytoplasms.
In addition, the urethane groups attached to the FGO sheets could supply more active-site to form hydrogen bonds, thus significantly enhancing the compatibility of FGO with the PUB matrix.
In addition, covalently grafted urethane chains on the FGO sheets not only alleviated the modulus mismatch between the FGO and the PUB matrix, but also improved the dispersion of FGO in the PUB matrix and the compatibility between them.
In addition several specific incompatibilities of various inorganic and organic excipients have been determined nonexistent with mannitol.
With PXI Express, PXI not only provides up to 2 GB/s per slot dedicated bandwidth and highly accurate timing and synchronization, but also gives hardware compatibility.
This compatibility is provided through hybrid chassis which provide both PXI and PXI Express slots as well as PXI Express hybrid slots.
This results in poor compatibility between the SBS and the bitumen, causing an unstable SBS-bitumen system.
However, there are few reports about how to determine the HSP of bitumen and use HSP to predict the compatibility of SBS-modiﬁed bitu- men.
In the model, the syner- gistic regulations among auxin, ﬂavonoids, and hyphal growth play a key role in maintaining compatibility with S. reilianum in the resistant maize line.
Then, mixtures of the compatible hyphal suspensions were injected into the mesocotyl of germi- nating maize kernels.
Thus, the difference between static and rotation in N2 magni- tude was only found after incompatible conditions.
The X-ray diffraction and scanning electron microscopy–energy dispersive X-ray results indicated that L2NF91 and LNF64 had good chemical compatibility with GDC from room temperature up to 900uC.
LNF64 and GDC had good chemical compatibility up to 900uC.
In the terms of physical compatibility, GDC electrolyte is more suitable for these oxides than YSZ.
In addition, polyethylene-b-polyisoprene di-block copolymers was used as a compatiblizer in the blend between LLDPE and NR[13].
Liquid natural rubber (LNR) as a compatibilizer in NR=LLDPE blends.
From the above results it can be concluded that the blends of PC-PET are mechani- cally compatible for 0.70, 0.80, and 0.90 weight fractions PC but that these blends are not thermodynamically miscible.
From the values of the Tgs of PC-PET blends, it is concluded that the compatibility is higher in the PET-rich compositions than in the PC-rich compositions.
Cross incompatibility between maize and teosinte.
For people belonging to a group that histori- cally claims autonomy and independence from Spain, the more people believe that it is compatible to be both Basque and Spanish, the stronger their identification with the Spanish group.
We claimed that they are incompatible for political reasons, with important social psychological and political consequences.
This showed that NIM-EPC-SGC-MMs were physi- cally compatible with these injection solutions.
NIM-EPC-SGC-MMs were also physically compatible with sodium chloride injec- tion, glucose injection, and sterile water at room temperature for up to 10 hours.
So RADSL is spectrally compatible with T1.413 ADSL.
So RADSL is spectrally compatible with T1.413 ADSL.
A number of methods have been used to enhance the compatibility of the PLA/polymer blends.
in our group synthesized for the ﬁrst time a poly(styrene-ran-methyl acrylate) (S-MA) and successfully used it as a compatibilizer to signiﬁcantly improve the mechanical properties of PLA/PS [22] and PLA/HIPS [18] blends.
In this context, S-MA served as an effective compatibilizer for the PLA/SBS blends.
Thus, the excipients corn starch and colloidal silicon dioxide have been shown to be incompatible with KTZ.
Aspergillus tamarii was divided into types A and B based on morphological differences and the lack of vegetative compatibility between the two types.
Production of total aflatoxin, cyclopiazonic acid, and kojic acid within vegetative compatibility groups of A. flavus, A. parasiticus, and A. tamarii types A and B No.
New VCGs in asexual species such as A. flavus, A. parasiticus, and A. tamarii may arise from rare mu- tations of incompatibility genes.
Heterokaryon compatibility of closely re- lated wild isolates of Aspergillus nidulans.
Vegetative compati- bility within populations of Aspergillus flavus, A. par- asiticus, and A. tamarii from a peanut field.
Heterokaryon incompatibility in Asper- gillus flavus.
The results demonstrate that the hydrogel is compatible with the PVC and the polyurethane membrane materials.
The slight in- compatibility between Emcompress and feverfew may be attributable to the alkaline nature of dibasic calcium phosphate.
It has a downward read-compatible mode with 135 tracks per inch (TPI) and a large capacity 16MB mode with 542 TPI and achieves an average seeking time of 25 msec.
The SEM results show that PP and HDPE are incompatible polymers with PP being a continuous phase and HDPE being a dispersed phase.
The DSC and XRD results show that PP and HDPE are not compatible, and the combination of HDPE is not correlated with the crystalline structure and stability of PP.
The PLM results show that the combination of HDPE causes stacking and incompatibility between HDPE and PP spherulites, and PP thus has incomplete spherulite morphology and a smaller spherulite size.
examined the blends containing PP and PET at various densities, and concluded that the LLDPE/PP blends possess the optimal compatiblity, and their dispersed phase determines the mechanical properties.
This is ascribed to HDPE and PP that are both polyoleﬁns polymers and are not compatible.
This is ascribed to HDPE and PP that are both polyolefins polymers and are not compatible.
Poly(oxypropylene)-amide grafted polypropylene as novel 12. compatibilizer for PP and PA6 blends.
DISCUSSION The IGRs tested (buprofezin, pyriproxyfen, fenoxy- in this study carb, pymetrozine, and kinoprene) showed differences in their compatibility with E. er- emicus with respect to toxicity on poinsettia leaves that lacked B. argentifolii nymphs when residues were dried and aged in a greenhouse.
Perhaps the most striking example of parasite–host incompatibility is the near absence of P. elongatum and P. cathemerium from T. migratorius, despite these parasites being common in Culex mosquitoes, and the high frequency of contact between T. migratorius and these vec- tors.
However, due to the presence of polar azido groups in the polymer backbone, GAP could have compatibility problems with other ingredients such as hydroxyl terminated polybutadiene (HTPB) and plasticizers used in composite solid propellants.
The data show that DOA and DOP are compatible with GAP at these concentration levels.
GR-S rubber and polystyrene are incompatible.
The compatibility of LDPE/HDPE blends is characterized by using thermal analysis and rheology methods.
It could be concluded from both the DSC and the rheology results that the LDPE/HDPE blends were highly compatible at LDPE con- tent of less than 60 wt%.
On the basis of the analysis on their thermal properties and rheology anal- ysis, it could be concluded that the LDPE/HDPE blends exhibited a high level of compatibility.
For comparison, a compatibilizer, EPDM was added to the LDPE/PP blends at a weight ratio of 1%.
First, the compatibility of LDPE/HDPE blends was characterized via ther- mal analysis and rheology methods.
The compatibility of the compounds has been tested in accordance with the STANAG 4147 standard and its mod- iﬁcation consisting in the change of the heating rate.
CL-20 is compatible with the analysed ingredient when Tab is maximum 4 K lower than CL-20 decomposition temperature Ta.
According to the STANAG 4147 standard, CL-20 is then uncertainly compatible with polyNIMMO.
It is also expected that erucamide is more compatible with PA-12 than with i-PP.
The satisfactory compatibility and stability results showed that the binary mixtures of FC with NH in the 0.9% sodium chloride injection solutions remained stable for up to 72 h when stored at 4°C or 25°C in PVC bags or glass bottles.
Most of the drugs tested were compatible with cefmetazole.
Diphenhy­ dramine hydrochloride, dobutamine hydrochloride, droperidol, ery-thromycin lactobionate, haloperidol lac­ tate, prochlorperazine edisylate, promethazine hydro­ chloride, and high-concentration vancomycin hydro­ chloride were not compatible with cefmetazole sodium.
from Maine There was found widespread reproductive compatibility among populations of Scottolana canadensis collected to South Carolina.
Genetic incompatibility was found in the SC male x FL-W female and FL-E male x MD female crosses.
Nine fuels were tested to evaluate their compatibility with nitrile butandiene rubber (NBR).
The sequence of compatibility of biodiesel with NBR is found to be in the order of soy- bean methyl ester (SME), waste cooking oil methyl ester (WCOME), palm methyl ester (PME), with SME being the least compatible.
Material compatibility with biodiesel is one of major con- cerns.
The compatibil- ity of the elastomers in palm biodiesel decreases in the order of sil- icone rubber, NBR, EPDM and CR, with silicone rubber being most compatible.
The sequence of compatibility of biodiesel with NBR is found to be in the order of soybean methyl ester (SME), waste cooking oil methyl ester (WCOME) and palm methyl ester (PME), with SME being the least compatible.
Palm and soybean biodiesel compatibility with fuel system elastomers.
A 136-bp deletion in S5 including the translation start site in the wide-compatibility variety results in the functional loss of aspartic protease, leading to a lack of a reproductive barrier between indica and japonica.
The successful cloning of the wide compatibility allele S5-n facilitates gene exchange and the utilization of indica and japonica heterosis.
In contrast, wide-compatibility varieties were very rare and S5-n is seldom used in rice breeding in the Huang-Huai-Hai region of China, limiting the utilization of japonica and indica heterosis.
Wide-compatibility varieties with S5-n are able to overcome reproductive barriers.
The dep1 allele has already been widely exploited in japonica rice breeding, unlike the rather scarce allele S5-n, which needs to be included more frequently in breeding, to obtain more incompatible varieties in the Huang-Huai-Hai region of China.
The economically important allele Sf, which results in self- compatibility in P. dulcis, is said to have arisen by intro- gression from Prunus webbii in the Italian region of Apulia.
About 23 cultivars of P. dulcis (14 self-compatible (SC) and nine SI) and 33 accessions of P. webbii (16 SC, two SI and 15 initially of unknown status), all from Apulia, were analysed using PCR of genomic DNA to amplify S-RNase alleles and, in most cases, IEF and staining of stylar protein extracts to detect S-RNase activity.
3 The S-RNases revealed in 14 self-compatible almond cultivars from Apulia.
5 The S-RNases revealed in nine self-incompatible almond cultivars from Apulia.
Cross-incompatibility Viable pollen of the SC almond cultivars ‘Falsa Barese’ (S1Sf), and ‘Tuono’ (S1Sf) failed to pollinate ‘Fra Giulio Grande’ (S1St), indicating incompatibility, while 26.2% of fruit set was obtained from pollination with the cultivar ‘Ferrante’ (S alleles different from S1 and Sf).
6 PCR products ampliﬁed in nine self-incompatible almond cultivars from Apulia using EM-PC2consFD and EM-PC3consRD primers.
It is apparent that in P. webbii both self-incompatibility and self-compatibility operate, whereas P. dulcis is mostly SI and P. persica, the peach, is exclusively SC.
It would also be interesting to study self- incompatibility of P. webbii populations from the Balkans and from Spain and characterise the alleles conferring self- compatibility.
Generally speaking, most of the Eur- opean countries' EIA systems are of more top quality than those in other regions, and fully compatible with or better than China's EIA.
It is reported that poly(acrylic acid) (PAA) provides carboxyl groups and enhances the haemocompatible properties of PES membranes [18], and poly(N- vinyl-2-pyrrolidone) (PVP) improves the antifouling properties of the PES membranes [19,20].
Optimistically, the good news for SiC-composites is that SiC appears to be compatible with Pb–Li coolants.
Fortunately, SiC appears to be compatible with Pb–Li but this needs to be ver- iﬁed in ﬂowing environments.
For example, a surfactant (polyoxyethylene)20 stearyl ether was utilized to improve the compatibility of XNBR and SBR and found that the XNBR/SBR blend had an increase of 25% in tensile strength with the involvement of 0.5 phr (parts per hundred rubber) surfactant [5].
In this work, KNFs were grafted with ECH and the modified KNFs was adopted to address the poor compatibility of XNBR/SBR blend.
4. m-KNFs interacts with XNBR and SBR via covalent bonding and π-π conjugation, respectively, which leads to an enhanced compatibility between XNBR and SBR.
Paul and his coworkers [15] synthesized a terpolymer of (methyl methacrylate)–(glycidyl methacrylate)-(ethyl acrylate) (MGE) to compatibilize the PBT/ acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene (ABS) blends.
The blend ratio of 80:20 of ALG/KER achieves maximum compatibility, since its intensity pattern changes drastically as recorded in an X-ray diffraction study.
We also show that nitrite ions generated from organic CH3NO2 (Scheme 1.2) are useful in contemporary TEMPO- mediated reactions, and that flavin catalysts are compatible with TEMPO oxidation of alcohols and ethers.
The organically sourced NOx system is compatible with TEMPO/NOx oxidations and converts cyclic ethers to esters, alcohols to aldehydes/ketones, and terminal diols to lactones.
ISML and insilicoIDE are CellML compatible and have several additional unique features.
The insilicoIDE is fully compatible to CellML in the following senses.
Two of the most critical subsystems of the WPT sys- tem that need to be MRI compatible are the TX and RX anten- nas.
3 suggest that di-2-ethyl hexyl sebacate (DOS) has the least compatibility with PVC while di-butyl phthalate (DBP) is the most compatible plasticizer in the set.
This fact can be used to enhance the compatibility of poly (lactic acid)/starch blends.
Touriga Nacional grafted onto 110R rootstock, known to have a diﬀerent degree of compatibility with these plants [5,18,19,23].
Graft union formation and cell-to-cell communication via plasmodesmata in compatible and incompatible stem unions of Prunus spp.
Thus, anakinra appears to be stable and compatible with ceftriaxone sodium when diluted in 0·9% sodium chloride injection, but not in 5% dextrose injection over 4 h at ambient room temperature and light.
We designed a study to evaluate the stability and compatibility of anakinra with ceftriaxone sodium in 0·9% sodium chloride or 5% dextrose injection during a 4-h period at room temperature.
, Fn) are compatible.
, Fn) are compatible.
, Fn) are almost compatible.
Poly(dimethyl siloxane) has been grafted with phosphate group to enhance compatibility with nanohydroxyapatite.
Genetic variation among Sclerotium rolfsii isolates from Benin and South Africa, determined using mycelial compatibility and ITS rDNA sequence data.
Region-wide analysis of genetic diversity in Verticillium dahliae populations infecting olive in southern Spain and agricultural factors influencing the distribution and prevalence of vegetative compatibility groups and pathotypes.
Genetic diversity among mycelial compatibility groups of Sclerotium rolfsii and Sclerotium delphinii.
Mycelial compatibility groups and pathogenic diversity in Sclerotium rolfsii populations from sugar beet crops in Mediterranean-type climate regions.
7 it is evident that there is lack of hydrogen bonding sites on PVP and hence the existence of repulsive interactions between PVP and MC that leads to in- compatibility.
Thus PAM/CMC blends appear to be compatible at all ratios used.
Protoplast fusion and the isolation of heterokaryons and diploids from vegetatively incompatible strains of Aspergillus nidulans.
Heterokaryon compatibility of unrelated strains in the Aspergillus nidulam group.
The combinations of cimetidine and atropine remained visually compatible for 24 hours.
A three-drug admixture of cimetidine, atropine, and pentobarbital is incompatible.
Thiamine Thiamine is incompatible with reducing agents such as sulphites.
Positive values of flp8 andflpMMA indicate that compatibility of the two polymers decreases with increasing molecular weights of poly- styrene and poly(methy1 methacrylate), respectively.
I n our experiments, the compatibility of equal weights of polystyrene and poly(methy1 methacrylate) in benzene was found to decrease with increas- ing temperature.
(1995) Vegetative compatibility within populations of Aspergillus ﬂavus, A. parasiticus, and A. tamarii from a peanut ﬁeld.
These conditions are compatible with a number of common organic functional groups such as halides, ethers, esters, ketones and sulfonamides.
species, genetic disturbances are generally capable but not of creating incompatibility In two Het.
the Ms progeny of a clonal population New incompatibility of L. peruvaanum.
Our findings suggest that all tested pesticides except for abamectin, are harmless and may be considered compatible with R. lophanthae.
Vincristine sulfate 1.6 µg/mL, doxorubicin hydrochloride 40 µg/mL, and eto- poside 200 µg/mL were compatible and stable for up to 72 hours in the dark at 31–33 °C.
Vancomycin was compatible with piperacillin sodium–tazobactam in the concentrations tested.
(4) found that her- bicides were generally compatible and the phyto tox- icity was maintained when combined with suspen!iion fertilizers for 24 h without agitation.
The presence in the hill country soil of naturalised strains incompatible with 'Tamar' and 'Italy x N.Z.
This suggests that the high frequency of poorly effective isolates from 'Tamar' is related to differences in symbiotic compatibility between 'Tamar' and Huia with respect to a proportion of the naturalised rhizobial population.
Tests using the poorly effective 'Tamar' isolates (Table 4) suggest that symbiotic incompatibility is not as severe with these host lines and that 'Tamar' is an extreme example.
Overall, daptomycin was physically compatible with all 9 medica- tions for up to 120 minutes at room temperature.
MNT-LVZ mixture was compatible.
Diversity of vegetative compatibility groups of Cryphonectria parasitica in Connecticut and Europe.
Low diversity of vegetative compatibility types and mating type of Cryphonectria parasitica in the southern Balkans.
Vegetative compatibility type diversity of Cryphonectria parasitica in Bosnia-Herzegovina, Spain and France.
Test solutions of 2.5% dex­ trose injection, 5% dextrose injection, regular insulin, sodium nitroprusside, potassium chloride, sodium bicarbonate, and furosemide were visually compati- blecompatible when tested with indomethacin sodium trihydrate.
However, this is incompatible with a spatial plan because no cultivation activities are allowed in a protected area.
The use of shrubland considered incompatible due to the small number of trees.
SEBS increases with the decrease in compatibility of the PPS/SEBS polymer alloy, and as the increase in the content of the elastomer, it is difﬁcult to divide rod-like SEBS into spherical particles, and consequently SEBS easily forms the state of orientation.
It is clear that the PS/PVC blends are expected to be thermodynamically incompatible because the calculated heat of mixing lies above the upper limit of compatibility.
This means that the addition of MA with a concentration 10% or more to the investigated blends improves to some extent the degree of compatibility in PS/PVC blends.
CONCLUSION From this investigation it could be concluded that PS/PVC blends are incompatible.
D’Orazio et al.7 added the graft copolymers of unsat- urated propylene with methyl methacrylate (PP-g- PMMA) to improve the compatibility of the binary blends of isotactic polypropylene (iPP) and atactic poly(methyl methacrylate) (PMMA).
Dong et al.9 used a graft copolymer SMA-g-PA6 to improve the compatibility of PA 6 and PVC.
inherently poor corona The corona endurance of several systems which demonstrate the differences between typical organic incompatible.
Attempts have been made to create new plant types through interspeciﬁc hybridization, but suc- cess has been hindered by interspeciﬁc incompatibility.
Based on the hypothesis that interspeciﬁc incompatibility between hot pepper species exist at all steps starting from pre-pollination until post-fertilization, this experiment was conducted to study the inter-speciﬁc barriers of the crosses between C. chinense Jacq.
from diseased olive stems originating from the most important regions of olive in Morocco, were tested by vegetative compatibility analysis to investigate their genetic diversity.
PHEMA based hydrogels have been used for soft tissue prosthesis due to their biocompatible characteristics, high permeability to small molecules (i.e.
The U. vignae–Arabidopsis combination could allow the ap- plication of the powerful genetic capabilities of this model plant to the study of compatibility as well as nonhost resis- tance to rust fungi.
In this scenario, it appears that U. vignae has attributes that allow it to be biotrophically compati- ble with a wider variety of nonhost plants than U. appendicula- tus or P. helianthi.
Based on over 5,500 hours of test in air, MA-ODS 754 appears compatible with sodium when operating at 940°C and 18-W/cm2 radial flux in the heated zone.
The result confirms that the liquid oxygen compatibility is obviously enhanced through the synergetic effect of silicon and phosphorus.
investigated the compatibilizing effect of polyethylene-g-polystyrene (LLDPE-g-PS) on immiscible LLDPE/PS blends.
CONCLUSIONS A novel blend of PVA and gelatin both grafted with crosslinked PAA has resulted in a high-water-imbib- ing macromolecular matrix with remarkable blood compatibility.
Undiluted furo- semide has a pH of 8–9.3 and is in- compatible with acidic solutions,2 providing a potential mechanism for the incompatibility with amiodarone (pH, 4.08).
Discussion Most plant viruses are transmitted by speciﬁc and highly compatible vectors.
It is suggested that the hydrophilic surface of the PVP-PSf membranes without ionic groups causes the suppression of platelet adhesion on the PVP-PSf membranes and that the long hydrophilic side chain of polyvinylpyrrolidone on PVP-PSf membranes contributes to the hydrophilic and hemocompatible wipers on the surface of the hydrophobic PSf membranes.
It is on the PVP-PSf membranes and that the long hydro- philic side chain of PVP on PVP-PSf membranes contributes to the hydrophilic and hemocompatible wipers on the the hydrophobic PSf membranes.
INTRODUCTION P PS, form compatible polymer blends from the oly(viny1 methyl ether), PVME, and polystyrene, cosolutions in tetrachloroethylene, benzene, toluene (l), and xylene (2).
The same kinds of interactions are believed to lead to the compatibility of PVME and PS .
5-1B) are vegetatively incompatible and are in different VCGs.
From this prem- ise have come a large number of studies of vegetative compatibility in numerous ascomycete species.
A. Prototrophic heterokaryon formed on MM + NaNO3 by nit mutants derived from vegetatively compatible strains of F. verticillioides.
Lack of heterokaryon formation on MM + NaNO3 by nit mutants derived from vegetatively incompatible strains of F. verticilliodes.
In Fusarium and Neurospora, vegeta- tive compatibility is detected as the ability of auxotrophic strains to form a prototrophic heterokaryon.
HSI – Heterokaryon self-incompatible; HSC – hetero- karyon self compatible.
The toughness of the blends increased with increasing PETG content regardless of the compatibility between PLA and PETG, indicating that improvement in the toughness of PLA was achieved with the addition of PETG.
The SEM micrographs also suggested the compati- bility in binary blends of CPE and NBR.
carbon and nitrogen mass transport alloys in lithium compatibility containing more than 15% Ni on the alloys mass transfer.
Even small amounts of OME in diesel fuel, like 5 or 10 vol % the compatibility of both investigated OME, could aﬀect elastomers.
Such compatible elastomers could be tetraﬂuoro- ethylene propylene rubber (FEPM) and perﬂuorinated rubber (FFKM).
These results indicated that the compatibility was improved between PBT and PC.
The observed torque and energy increase of the PBT/PC/MMA-co-GMA blends revealed the occurrence of the compatibilization reactions through the carboxyl/hydroxyl end groups of PBT and the epoxy groups of MMA-co-GMA.
DMA test showed that the compati- bilization reactions in the PBT/PC/MMA-co-GMA blends depressed the transesterification reactions between the PBT and the PC phases.
Sample 5 containing 5.4% of asphaltene was used in the experiment for the study of the compatibility of demul- sifier structure with asphaltic oil.
trends indicated the incompatibility of PVA and PMMA.
Linear variation of KS with 60–90 wt % PVA suggested their miscibility, whereas the nonlinear trends in the composition range 20–50% PVA indicated their incompatible nature.
Of the sexually reproducing species, heterothallic fungi are self-incompatible, i.e.
On the contrary, homothallic species are self-compatible.
Molecular identification of two vegetative compatibility groups of Fusarium oxysporum f. sp.
cepae, which causes basal rot of onion, consists of seven vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs 0420 to 0426) and several single-member VCGs (SMVs).
cepae from onion in Turkey based on vege- tative compatibility and rDNA RFLP analysis.
cubense vegetative compatibility groups.
Hydrogen bonds potentially formed between PC and FRSN contribute to improving their interfacial bonding and compatibility.
Hydrogen bonds potentially formed between PC and FRSN contribute to improving their interfacial bonding and compatibility.
The 60, 80, and 85 w t% styrene P(S/ nBMA) appear to be compatible with PS in the range of 10-20, 10-15, and 50-60 wt % PS in the blend, respectively.
The results obtained at 393 and 413 Κ indicate that compatibility can be achieved at greater than 85 wt% PS in the PS-60/40 P(S/nBMA) blend.
PS-rich phase is quite incompatible.
Este estudio observo´ la compatibilidad de cuatro vacunas de Rispens comercialmente disponibles y la vacuna con el vector HVT + Gumboro inyectadas al mismo tiempo, usando un desafı´o con el virus de Marek y de la enfermedad infecciosa de la bolsa.
Via the it is reported that a compatibilized PVC-acrylic polymer latter, for example: can be obtained by blending the mixture of poly(ethylhexy1 acry1ate)-g-PMMA copolymer and homopolymers with PVC.
The thermal analysis of the blends demonstrated that the thermal stability of EVOH is improved with the addition of POE-g-MAH, adding 20 wt% or more POE-g-MAH can effectively decrease the crystallinity of EVOH and greatly improve compati- bility between the two components.
CONCLUSIONS A good compatibility of the EVOH/POE-g-MAH blend can be achieved through chemical interactions between the anhydride groups and hydroxyl groups in the two components.
Extending these considerations from the classical realm to the quantum, we found that the problem of PP-ODOP compatibility for three pure states in three-dimensional Hilbert space leads naturally to SICs and MUB.
GC and HA are widely used in drug delivery research due to their hemocompatibility in vitro and in vivo [14, 15].
These results manifest the good compatibility in four SAN/ASA/HNBR (75/25/30) blends especially in AN21 and AN25 but the poor compatibility in AN0.
Since interspeci®c hybrids are easily secured by arti®cial or natural crossing in many rose species, the genus Rosa is thought to have essentially outcrossing behaviour which may be caused by a self-incompatibility system.
The existence of self- incompatibility has been con®rmed in R. multi¯ora and R. rugosa by self pollination and cross-pollination by using many clones of these species (Stougaard, 1983; Ueda et al., 1996).
It can be concluded that a self-incompatibility system widely exists in the genus Rosa, especially in diploid species.
Identi®cation of self-incompatibility-related glycoproteins in styles of apple (Malus 3 domestica).
MAPP connects the wood flours though ester bonds, which improve the compatibility of wood flour and PPs.
The combinations of etoposide phosphate, doxorubicin hydrochloride, and vincristine sulfate in 0.9% sodium chloride injection at concentrations common in clinical use, stored in polyolefin-lined infu- sion bags, were compatible and the drugs were stable for up to 124 hours at 2–6 and 35–40 °C in the dark and in regular fluorescent light.
Our polymer/oxidant compatibility experiments utilized xanthan and hydrolyzed polyacrylamide (HPAM) solutions coupled with the chemical oxidants potassium permanganate (KMnO4) and sodium persulfate (Na2S2O8).
Our analysis indicated that four of the study species were self-incompatible.
Discussion Overall, our self-incompatibility tests indicated that four of the nine species studied here (44%) were self-incompatible.
Discussion Overall, our self-incompatibility tests indicated that four of the nine species studied here (44%) were self-incompatible.
RESULTS Interspecific compatibility-Fifteen Leucaena species (14 spp., plus diploid and tetraploid L. diversifoliai were test-mated in 97% of 240 possible combinations in 3,135 inflorescences with 49,157 floret pollinations, averaging 16 florets per inflorescence (Fig.
Of the three self-compatible Leucaena species, L. leucocephala (n = 52) produced the most seed upon selfing (13.1 seeds per floret pollinated), whereas L. sp.
Intraspecific matings of self-incompatible species var ied in success from complete failure of seed production in L. esculenta, L. greggii, and L. trichodes to 7.8 seeds per floret pollinated in L. collinsii and 8.1 seeds per floret pollinated in L. lanceolata.
Intraspecific matings of self-incompatible species oc casionally failed when certain trees were mated.
These results indicate that simple changes in the degree of mixing result in a huge dif- ference for highly incompatible mixtures such as aspirin and Mg-St.
This compound is incompatible with PEG6000 (26.6%), SLS (44.0%), and sodium sulﬁte (18.8%).
Because of its polarity it is reasonable that SBS-g-M has signiﬁcant compatibility with base asphalt and can keep binder more stable stored at high temperature within 24 h and more than 4 months at room temperature.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticillium dahliae from ornamental woody plants.
Vegetative compatibility within or between Epichloe species has not yet been investigated.
The advantages of using nit mu- tants to study vegetative compatibility are that the mutants can be easily recovered and distinguished phenotypically, they are often stable, and they grow appressed on minimal medium with nitrate.
For this reason they should be under greater selec- tion pressure than Epichloe species to maintain ge- netic barriers limiting vegetative compatibility.
Heterokaryon self-in- compatibility in Gibberella fujikuroi (Fusarium monili- forme).
The Simon effect is plotted depending on RT-quartiles and separately for the three SOAs and for the compatible, respectively, incompatible condition.
Herein, we synthesize a kind of eco-friendly and biocompatible polymeric na- nomaterial, dopamine-melanin nanospheres with abundant amine and hydroxyl groups, followed by developing a nanocomposite membrane by blending dopamine-melanin nanospheres in CTA polymer.
At the same time, PLA, PLA-Cu, ABS, SBS, Ceramo, HIPS and Primalloy parts are incompatible with acetone, ethyl acetate, toluene, DMF, THF and DCM.
At higher concentrations (> 5 %) Viciu fuhu protein is compatible with agar- agar in concentrations up to 0.4%.
They also studied the compatibility of Inconel 601 withLi2CO3–K2CO3–Na2CO3 at 450 ◦C in air.
CONCLUSIONS Because partially self-incompatible alfalfa clones that produce stable, high levels of hybrid seed can be selected, the self- incompatibility system of hybrid seed produc- tion may have potential.
Genetic isolation among sympatric vegetative 529 compatibility groups of the aflatoxin-producing fungus Aspergillus flavus.
Analysis of population structure of 579 Aspergillus flavus from peanut based on vegetative compatibility, geographic origin, 580 mycotoxin and sclerotia production.
These results suggest that although yield and compatibility differed in contrasting agro-climatic zones, specific mixtures are suitable for deferred grazing in summer and fall in the Canadian prairies.
The balance melting point and compatibility of Polypropylene/Syndiotactic1,2 polybutadiene (PP/s-PB) blends and neat PP were studied by using DSC, the results showed that the presence of s-PB in PP would have a strong impact on balance melting point of PP.
According to Nishi-Wang theory, PP and s-PB are incompatible in thermodynamics, but compatible in dynamics.
Namely, PP/s-PB are partial compatible.
According to Nishi-Wang theory, PP and s-PB are incompatible in thermodynamics, but compatible in dynamics.
Namely, PP/s-PB are partial compatible.
3 is behaviorally compatible with tr2.
The aim of this study was to determine the stability and compatibility of `high strength’ (50 mg/mL) and `normal strength’ (25 mg/mL) 5- fluorouracil (5-FU); the latter prepared from 50 mg/mL 5-FU in either 0.9% sodium chloride or 5% glucose diluents and filled into the Braun Easy- pumpÒ (also known as the Homepump Frese- nius).
Nuclear(cid:2)cytoplasmic incompatibility is also mani(cid:2) fested in the formation of alloplasmic wheat lines with the cytoplasm of H. vulgare.
The differ- ence in enthalpy for the binary mixtures of tobramycin with benzalkonium chloride, boric acid, potassium sorbate, monobasic sodium phosphate, edetate disodium, sodium metabisulﬁte, and thimerosal suggest the existence of a physical an incompatibility.
No incompatibilities between tobramycin and tyloxapol were detected when methodologies other than IST–HPLC were employed.
The excipients that proved to be incompatible with tobramycin also display incompatibility with other com- pounds containing amino or hydroxyl functional groups.
In summary, this study, which is in line with a previous work carried out laboratory [31], demonstrates that tobramycin is incompatible with benzalkonium chloride, boric acid, potassium sorbate, monobasic sodium phos- phate, and thimerosal.
Long-distance overland compatibility is represented by Phyllotopsis nidulans, far-northern distributions are rep- resented by Marasmius epiphyllus and Mycena rosella from Alaska and Scandinavia, and pan-Caribbean com- patibility is represented by Favolus tenuiculus and Dic- tyopanus pusillus.
All pair- ings were incompatible.
Full compatibility and fertility of Polyporus urculurius from Spain and Costa Rica.
radicis- cucumerinum isolates from cucumbers in Turkey in terms of pathogenicity, vegetative compatibility and amplified fragment length polymorphism (AFLP) variation.
Recently, we discovered that these two drugs are incompatible when mixed.
White clover possesses a self-incompatibility sys- tem .
Genetic analyses of the self-compatibility Three self-incompatible plants of the variety 'Ki- taooha' were crossed with three S2 plants showing high self-compatibility .
Self-compatible and self- incompatible plants were observed in the F t proge- ny .
We speculate that recurrent selection proce- dures using self-compatible plants will prove a use- ful selection tool for white clover breeding pro- grams .
Finally, a superior strain is synthesized among the selected self-incompatible plants showing good performance and general combining ability.
Seasonal and temperature effects on self-compatibility in tetraploid alsike clover, Trifolium hy- bridum L .
Self-compatibility studies with diploid alsike clover, Trifolium hybridum L .
Both compounds are compatible with flexi- ble-fuel vehicle (FFV) applications, that is, with vehicles that can be operated with petrol and the alcohols methanol and ethanol, or mixtures of both.
In addition, it was confirmed by DSC that PC was partly compatible with PS.
SMA is used as a compatilizer to improve the compatibility of the PC/PS alloy.
It shows the compatibility of low molecular weight PC/PS is better than that of common PC/PS.
Sixteen of the 21 drugs tested were compatible with the PN solution.
This study demonstrates the inherent problem of extrapolating compatibility data for PN solutions formulated with standard adult amino acid solutions to PN solutions made with Troph.Amine.
between Ni release and cytocompatibility of Ni-Ti-O nanotubes prepared on biomedical NiTi alloy.
Homopolymers of pFS and oFS were found to be incompatible with PPO and PS.
The SP46 copolymer and SO49 copolymer were compatible with PPO in all propor- tions.
as well as Fried; have found that styrene-p -chlorostyrene random copolymer with a relatively high content of p-chlorostyrene itself is incompatible with PPO and PS.
Recently it was found in these laboratories that poly(o-chlorostyrene) is compatible with PS.l0 Consequently, it is of interest to investigate the behavior of the corresponding fluorinated compounds.
From this data it is apparent that complete substitution with fluorine at the ortho position in polystyrene yields a polymer incompatible with PPO.
(2) The copolymer of styrene-p -fluorostyrene with 46% p -fluorostyrene content, and the copolymer of styrene and o-fluorostyrene with 49% o-fluo- 224 VUKOVIC, KARASZ, AND MACKNIGHT rostyrene content, are compatible with PPO in all proportions, as observed using the DSC method.
Copolymers of styrene-o-fluorostyrene are incompatible with PS.
INTRODUCTION Most sweet cherry (Prunus avium L.) cultivars are self-incompatible.
These active sites24 are able to improve the degree of compatibility in the ENR/EPDM blend system with respect to the unmodiﬁed system.
SUMMARY A mechanistically guided approach is developed to predict electro- phile compatibility in the palladium/norbornene (Pd/NBE) coopera- tive catalysis for the ipso and ortho difunctionalization of aryl ha- lides.
Because most known Pd/NBE cooperative catalysis use aryl iodides as starting materials, electrophiles that are compatible with other aryl halides, such as aryl bromides14 and triﬂates, are especially desirable.
Results and Discussion Table 1 lists ingredients in the concentrations indi­ cated which were compatible with all of the Abbo- Liter solutions.
since the uðTÞ at different Self-compatible elements can also be considered for the maximum power output of a TEG.
Herein, glycerol was introduced as a cross-linker to PEDOT:PSS binder for Si anodes, which can further improve the interfacial compatibility between silicon and PEDOT:PSS.
However, the incompatible interface between hydrophilic PEDOT:PSS and hydrophobic silicon lack of sufficient attention.
Herein, glycerol was selected to enhance interface compatibility between Si and PEDOT:PSS.
CONCLUSIONS Binary blends based on polystyrene and aromatic polycarbonates with improved compatibility can be obtained using random copolymers of BPA and TMBPA.
Finally, CPC and PCTMP are used as compatibilizers in PS=PCPA blends.
Graft union formation and cell-to-cell commu- nication via plasmodesmata in compatible and incompatible stem unions of Prunus spp.
Fur- thermore, it supports the assumption that the Cascade Plateau is an evolutionarily compatible source of coloniz- ers to the overﬁshed stocks in the Eastern and Southern Management Zones, and vice versa.
The UEs with such channels are said to be spatially compatible.
INTRoDuCTION Hurwicz’s compatible individual goods.
They then concluded that the compatibility of PVC with DnOP depended upon the composition of the mixtures investigated.
Moreover, DCP initiator and MA grafting are combined to increase the organic groups on the PLA, and thereby strengthens the interfacial compati- bility between PLA and CF.
Adding PLA-g-MA improves the compatibility between the ﬁbers and the matrix, and also causes the transcrystalline phenom- enon of PLA molecules.
It was found that soybean biodiesel was more compatible with carbon steel than petroleum diesel and sunﬂower biodiesel.
According to the results of visco- metric study, only 95/5 IIR/EPDM blend is compatible.
It may be attributed to poor compati- bility of these two rubbers.
The present study has demonstrated that pepper pest management programmes incorporating reduced- risk insecticides can be compatible with the use of biological control.
Cerasome as an infusible, cell- friendly, and serum-compatible transfection agent in a viral size.
We con- ducted small-plot field experiments in 2016 and 2019 to test the ability of the predatory mite, Phytoseiulus persimilis Athias-Henriot, to establish, disperse, and reduce TSSM in staked tomatoes, as well as test their compatibility with a commonly used reduced-risk acaricide, bifenazate (Acramite).
Rhodes and Liburd (2006) evaluated the compatibility of P.  persimilis and Acramite in field- grown strawberries and demonstrated that their combined use was an effective strategy for reducing TSSM populations.
Overall, our study revealed that P. persimilis and Acramite are two compatible control methods and together provide effective and lasting suppression of TSSM.
Vegetative compatibility of Verticillium dahliae isolates from potato and sunflower using nitrate non-utilizing (nit) mutants and PCR-based approaches.
Vegetative compatibility among Verticillium dahliae isolates from watermelon in Greece.
Genetic variation among Fusarium oxysporum isolates from sugar beet as determined by vegetative compatibility.
Region-wide analysis of genetic diversity in Vertcillium dahliae populations infecting olive in southern Spain and agricultural factors influencing the distribution and prevalence of vegetative compatibility groups and pathotypes.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae.
Aggressiveness 31 of Verticillium dahliae isolates from different vegetative compatibility groups to potato and tomato.
Pathogenicity tests comparing the vegetative compatibility groups of 18 V. dahliae isolates and tester strains versus a non-inoculated water control on sugar beet cultivar ‘Monohikari’ in the greenhouse.
Physico-chemical compatibility has been demonstrated for admixtures of cromolyn with albuterol and/or ipratropium and for admixtures of cromolyn and budesonide.
Both cromolyn and colistin are incompatible with benzalkonium chloride.
All of them were compatible.
Therefore, any combination including the pair or DP31 is incompatible.
Reaction of FOX-7 was also attempted in a suspension mode using DCM and carbon tetrachloride as TNAA compatible solvents.
(2011) also showed the compatibility of this insecticide with established populations of A. swirskii in sweet pepper commercial greenhouses of South Eastern Spain.
In commercial greenhouses it was also compatible with established populations of A. swirskii (Colomer et al.
In summary, sulfoxalfor as well as ﬂubendiamide, ﬂoni- camid, metaﬂumizone, methoxyfenozide, spirome- sifen and spirotetramat are compatible with A. swirskii.
melonis races exist in more than one vegetative compatibility group.
European strains represent four vegetative compatibility groups, one of which is present in North America and another in the Middle East.
013- is an artificial group containing vegetatively self-incompatible isolatcs.
All vegetatively self-incompatible strains within F. oxysporum f.sp.
Heterokaryon self-incompatibility in Gibberella fujikuroi (Fgsar- ium moniliforme).
In addition, the chemical compatibility of CaMgGeO4 with Ag electrodes opens up its application in LTCC technology.
It was found that OBCS-introduced PE film has a good blood compatible property.
Waters are compatible if they can be mixed without producing chemical reactions between the dissolved solids in the waters and precipitating insolu- ble compounds.
The experimental results demonstrate that RDX and PETN are compatible with polystyrene (PS), nitrocellulose (NC) and ﬂuoroelastomer (FKM) according to the STANAG 4147.
According to the STANAG 4147, mixtures of RDX with PS and FKM are considered compatible.
By STANAG 4147, mixtures of PETN and FKM, PS and NCs are considered compatible.
SYPRO Ruby was found to reduce mass spectral compatibility by reducing the recovery of peptides containing cysteine and, to a lesser extent, tryptophan.
Together with the evidence of the optical clarity, the blends contain less than 50% of PCPP are considered to be compatible.
This confirms that PS and PCPP are compatible up to about 50% of PCPP content and is only partially compatible in 60/40 blend.
It is discovered that DYZ is thermochemically compatible with Al2O3 at 1300 °C, whereas at 1350 °C DYZ reacts with Al2O3 forming a small amount of new phases.
5, implying that DYZ has thermochemical compatibility with Al2O3 up to 1300 °C.
Vegetative incompatibility between C. parasitica strains is a major factor influencing the natural spread of the hypo- viruses and thus affects the success of the natural biological control of the chestnut blight.
In order to increase the interfacial bonding force and to fully understand if alkali treat- ment helps the compatibility between coir and PP, this study further uses MA-g-PP as a coupling agent for the two materials.
This is due to the hydroxyl groups in the coir, which do not bond with the C-H in the PP, resulting in a poor compatibility.
In addition, there is the poor compatibility between the coir and PP.
It suggests the excellent compatibility of the synthesized THA antioxidant with Am and ZDDP additives in TDTM ester oil.
Besides, the amine antioxidant and ZDDP agent were employed to investigate the additive compatibility in TDTM ester oil.
Values of the speciﬁc viscosity of PSF in a ‘binary solvent’ formed by Arocy B10 + solvent have been used to determine the compatibility of the polymer blend Arocy B10/PSF.
Declomycin Syrup with a pH of 5.5 has a suspending agent that is not compatible with al cohol.
Syrup Adrenoseni Salicylate contains adrenochrome monosemicar bazone sodium salicylate complex3 which is compatible with acid solutions as well as neutral or weakly alkaline solutions (pH 6.7 to 7.3).
2 Declomycin Syrup5 has the incompatibilities 9f tetracycline.
Phenylephrine hydrochloride6 is compatihle with acid solutions but not with alkaline solutions.
The synthesized networks are compatible with Spice-based circuit simulators.
Virulence of Metarhizium anisopliae (Deuteromycotina: Hyphomycetes) strains ESC-1 to the germam Cockroach (Dictyoptera: Blattellidae) and its compatibility with insecticides.
Cross-platform compatibility of de novo-aligned SNPs in a nonmodel butterfly genus.
From the DSC results, it was found that the values ofΔTp between FOX-7 and its mixture were all less than 6°C, except for FOX-7/RDX, suggesting that FOX-7 is compatible with the selected energetic materials.
Diversity of C. coccodes populations has been studied using the nitrate non-utilizing (nit) mutants method for designating vegetative compatibility groups.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Colletotrichum coccodes subpopulations from Australia and genetic links with subpopulations from Europe/Israel and North America.
Additional vegetative compatibility groups in Colletotrichum coccodes subpopulations from Europe and Israel.
For example, it is known that PP is not compatible with hydrocarbon liquids and POM is not compatible with concentrated hypochlorite solutions.
Moreover it has a high mechanical strength and is potentially biocompatible.
The PU surface hydro- phobicity (poor water compatibility) and low surface energy affect cell adhesion and growth on the PU.
Our results indicate that tetracycline hydrochlo­ ride is incompatible with the total nutrient ad­ mixture tested, as evidenced by the drug's obvious disruptive effect on the lipid emulsion.
Medications compatible with hyperalimentation solutions.
Data at the Fz, Cz, and Pz electrodes are arrayed under each compatibility type.
To optimize the conditions for aversion zone forma- tion in S. rolfsii, we tested an array either of diﬀerent media supplemented or not with food colouring on a selected subset of mycelial incompatible and compati- ble S. rolfsii isolates.
It was concluded that NTG is compatible with talc.
Due to biological compatibility of PCLand POEOMA chains, star- PCL-b-POEOMA has potential application in the fields of nanostructured materials and drug carrier.
Due to biological compatibility of PCLand POEOMA chains, star- PCL-b-POEOMA has potential application in the fields of nanostructured materials and drug carrier.
To date, many investigations on PLA/PBAT blends have concluded that the interfacial compatibility between PLA and PBAT is poor (19).
used glycidyl methacrylate (GMA) to improve the interfacial compatibility between PLA and PBAT.
Consequently, it is possible to enhance the compatibility between PLA and PBAT by using branched polymers.
It concluded that ETBP can effectively enhance the interfacial compatibility between PLA and PBAT, through micro-crosslinking effect.
4 Conclusions ETBP is used in order to enhance the interfacial compatibility between PLA and PBAT.
The results obtained from Figure 1 indicate that the heat of mixing for PVC–poly(MMA) blends, which are compatible in all compositions, are smaller than 1002 cal mol, but the heat of mixing for PVC/poly(GMA) blends are incompatible when the composition of PVC is smaller than 76 wt %.
While The Simpsons represents Indian American cultural traditions in opposition to American cultural norms of marriage, Miss Match offers an alternative representation of arranged marriage that highlights the convergence of Indian American and American attitudes towards the idea of arranged marriage and reconﬁgures Indian practices as compatible with American cultural values.
are incompatible.
mixtures are greater than 15 ◦C, and it was indi- cated that these binary systems are extremely incompatible.
mixtures are incompatible.
Genetic incompatibility and delimitation of a narrow hybrid zone between L. ewingi and L. paraewingi.
Based on the results, we can select a certain types of FSS ES which can be compatible with terrestrial FWS, when we consider new frequency allocation to the FSS in the direction of Earth-to-space.
‘Cristobalina’ is a self-compatible local Spanish sweet cherry cultivar.
INTRODUCTION Sweet cherry (Prunus avium L.) is a naturally self-incompatible species of the gametophytic type (GSI).
Biodiesel compatibility with carbon steel and HDPE parts.
Through a reaction of epoxy groups with PBT and PA-6, the compatibility of the PBT/PA- 6 blend was achieved.
It has been found that both the compatibility and the mechanical properties of the blends PA6/PS (80/20 wt/wt) can be improved by the addition of small amounts (2 phr) of SbEO copolymers.
These facts clearly indicate that PA6/PS blends are incompatible because of the dierent polari- ties between PA6 and PS.
This demonstrates that SbEO macromolecules migrate to the interface between the two phases of PA6/PS blends, and enhance the interaction between the two incompatible phases.
The compatibility of BNZ with selected pharmaceutical ex- cipients was evaluated in binary mixtures, in a ratio of 1:1 (w/w).
hence, its compatibility with PVC.
These results suggest that claudin-10b and -15 are incompatible with claudin-1.
They were incompatible with claudin-1 as well as with some of endogenous claudins in MDCK I cells.
For example, Bank et aL9 found that polystyrene-poly(viny1 methyl ether) mixtures are incompatible in trichloroethylene but compatible in toluene.
Buckwheat breeding programs have looked at the devel- opment of self-compatible flower types resulting from 483 Can.
These, however, have not been successful in increasing yield and therefore breeders are now attempt- ing introgression of characters, including self-compatibility from other species.
The newly found species F. homotropicum (Ohnishi 1995) is more closely related to common buckwheat than is the species F. tataricum and therefore efforts are being made to introgress the self-compatible allele found in F. homotrop- icum into common buckwheat.
For instance, the transfer of valuable genetic traits such as self- fertility and frost tolerance, and important agronomic char- acters, such as grain yield, have so far proved to be very difficult due to the cross-incompatibility of common buck- wheat.
In all three vehicles, ceftobiprole was compatible with 31 other drugs and incompatible with 32.
The problem is now under investigation and eventually it is hoped that much more will be known about the possibly intricate relationship between the vegetative and sexual compatibility systems in D. iridis.
Plasmodial compatibility in heterothallic and homothallic isolates of Didymium iridis.
Fortunately, the poor compatibility between WF and HDPE can be settled by eliminating the difference in polarity between WF and HDPE.
It can be said that both copolymers, PP-EP and PP-r-EP, enhanced the blend compatibility of the system at up to 40% EVA content.
These results corroborate the higher compatibility for PP-r-EP/EVA blends at all the studied EVA concentrations.
There are several polymer-based materials including PLGA, which biocompatibility.
However, the DMMP-containing electrolyte is incompatible with the common commercially used graphite [12].
Nitrocellulose is compatible with nitroglycerine but it is not compatible with transformer oil.
For instance, polymethylmetacrylate and polyvinylchloride are not compatible with water and hydrocarbon oils but they are compatible with some diester plasticizers (sebacates, phtha- lates).
Therefore, it is suggested that melon ﬂies from Mauritius, Seychelles and the Hawaii are compatible, at least under semi-natural conditions.
This has been possible because of high levels of mating compatibility among worldwide populations of this species (Cayol et al.
Mating compatibility among melon ﬂy populations the dark in a room at 19  1°C and 60–70% RH for about 10 days.
The ﬁrst trial was conducted to assess the compatibility of female melon ﬂies from Mauritius with males from Mauritius, Seychelles and Hawaii.
Discussion The present study analysed the sexual compatibility of melon ﬂy populations from three different origins around the world, namely Mauritius, Seychelles and Hawaii.
It was also found that the ‘wildish’ strain from Sey- chelles was compatible with the genetic sexing strain from Hawaii.
As the melon ﬂies from Mauritius and Seychelles are sexu- ally compatible with the genetic sexing strain, the latter could be used in a SIT programme to suppress the population of melon ﬂies in either Mauritius or Seychelles.
Of the 17 drug combinations tested, 5 combinations were observed to be visually incompatible.
Acyclovir was incompatible with cyclosporine, diphen- hydramine, gentamicin, granisetron, and metoclopramide.
The combinations found to be visually incompatible included acyclovir with cyclosporine, diphenhydramine, gen- tamicin, granisetron, or metoclopramide.
The combinations found to be visually incompatible included acy- clovir with cyclosporine, diphenhy- dramine, gentamicin, granisetron, and metoclopramide.
Hand-pollination experiments revealed that five species were self-incompatible and four were self-compatible.
Self-incompatibility is common throughout the family, reported in at least eight of the 18 genera (Grant and Grant 1965).
Species closely re- lated to L. parviflorus within section Leptosiphon have been found to be self-compatible and highly selling.
For the remaining species, self-incompatibility was tested on plants raised in the greenhouse from field-collected seeds.
These species were determined to be self- incompatible.
The striking morphological similarity of three genetically distinct selling lineages, representing at least two independent origins of self-compatibility, has resulted in their recognition as a single species, L. bicolor.
Differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) studies demon- strate that the transparent film is compatible, but the hazy film is incompatible.
lD, E and F) solutions are compatible.
The addition of filters makes the WPT antennas electromagnetically compatible with the MRI system by reducing the high-frequency induced currents on the WPT antenna.
These observations suggest that Rosaceae species may lose self-incompatibility when lacking S-RNase in pistils.
It is therefore believed that S-RNase enzymatic activity is essential for self-incompatibility in the Solanaceae.
We self-pollinated the transgenic S3LS3L petunias expressing wild-type SV-RNase, revealing that all three selected transgenic lines (line 4, 9, and 21) did not produce any seeds and were thus self-incompatible (Supplemental Table 4).
2017), making it difficult to determine why the G61V mutation in ‘YZ’ pear could result in the loss of self-incompatibility.
5a–c), sug- gesting that the mutant S21-RNase could not inhibit the growth of self-pollen tubes in the same way that wild-type S21-RNase could, resulting in self-compatibility in ‘YZ’ pear.
Seven combinations were compatible while eight were incompatible.
Transgenic introduction of functional copies of SCR and SRK from the sister species Arabidopsis lyrata into the A. thaliana C24 accession renders it fully self-incompatible.
Selfing is prevented by self-incompatibility in many Brassicaceae species including A. lyrata and Arabidopsis halleri, which are close relatives of A. thaliana.
Self-compatibility is fixed within the species A. thaliana.
Unfortunately, bamboo ﬁber contains a large number of highly polar hydrophilic hydroxyl groups, which leads to poor interface compatibility with nonpolar PLA [10].
Out of 119, only 15 pairs are shown to be incompatible.
Propofol injectable emul- sion was compatible with 98 of the 112 drugs tested.
The Practice rePorts telavancin and vancomycin 2.2% sodium citrate formulation includes 24.5 mg/mL of dextrose, which may have initially inhibited the compatibility.
Telavancin was physically compatible with all solutions at all time points.
A structural study of an incompatible heterograft between Sedum telephoides (Cras- sulaceae) and Solanum pennellii (Solanaceae).
ABSTRACT A compatibility study was conducted on fluorinated elastomers (FKM and FEPM) in various Automatic Transmission Fluids (ATF).
In the homologous series of alkoxy derivatives of dihydroxybenzophenone, compati bility with crystalline polypropylene increases with the rising number of carbon atoms in the alkoxyl.
Concluding remarks It is possible to electroplate chromium on SiC via a compatibility coating of isotropic PyC by fluidized-bed chemical vapor deposition.
Polymer-Polymer Compatibility 53 incompatible.
PBD (l)~poly(styrene-co-acrylonitrile) (II), incompatible: Two T 's by several methods for a number of mixtures in which II varied from 25 to 50% acrylonitrile [118,133].
Poly(methyl methacrylate) (l)-poly(hexyl methacrylate) (II), incompatible: Phase separa­ tion in a number of solvents [16, 168] and in films [16] for several mixtures.
compatible: One T acrylate)-co-(methacrylic m68.
The results obtained show PVA to be capable of compatibilizing PVDF/PS systems when present in concentrations of 30 ~01%.
For the compatible system PVDF/PVA, k, also diminishes with greater PVA portions, although the k, values for this latter system are considerably higher than those of PVDF/PS.
Biocompatibility of poly (d, l-lactide-co-glycolide) nanoparticles conjugated with alendronate.
Three classes of genetic markers (isozymes, vegetative compatibility (VC) and random amplified polymorphic DNAs (RAPDs)) were tested for their suitability to reveal polymorphisms among isolates of P. subordinaria, originating from 27 locations in the Netherlands and 7 locations in other western European countries.
isozyme analysis, vegetative compatibility and RAPDs to determine the extent of variation existing 'in natural populations of P. subordinaria in the Netherlands.
Vegetative incompatibility groupings in a local population of Fusarium oxysporum.
Intraspecific variation in two species of Suiilus from Scots pine (Pinus sylvpstris L.) forests based on somatic incompatibility and isozyme analyses.
Hybrid incompatibility ‘‘snowballs’’ between Solanum species.
Our results suggest that Liquidambar styraciﬂua is the most compatible host species with P. schiedeanus in central Veracruz.
Even so, it is most compatible at the regional level with one host.
RESULTS: At their registered concentrations, formulated trichlorfon, acephate and indoxacarb were compatible with M. anisopliae, whereas B. bassiana showed compatibility with formulated trichlorfon, acephate, indoxacarb, sulfoxaflor and spinetoram.
Trichlorfon, acephate and indoxacarb at all concentrations were compatible with QS155 whereas beta-cyfluthrin and spinetoram were compatible with QS155 at 50% of their FFCs or lower.
Trichlorfon, acephate, indoxacarb, sulfoxaflor and spinetoram were compatible with B50 at all concentrations, whereas beta- cyfluthrin and methidathion were compatible with B50 only at 25% of their FFCs or lower.
Diazinon was compatible with B50 only at 12.5% of its FFC or below.
Akbar et al.18 and others47, 51, 56 found indoxacarb was compatible with M. anisopliae and I. fumosorosea.
In contrast, formulated acephate, indoxacarb and trichlorfon are compatible with M. anisopliae at rates up to and including their FFCs of 75 and 500 mg AI.L-1 respectively, and could be applied at the same time as M. anisopliae, although further work would be required to determine their compatibility in tank mixes.
Five insecticides, acephate, trichlorfon, indoxacarb, sulfoxaflor and spinetoram, were all compatible with B. bassiana at 100% of their full field concentrations.
Titanium oxide-coated LTI-carbon shows a better hemocompatibility than that of uncoated LTI carbon.
This evidence shows that titanium oxide ﬁlm has a better blood compatibility than LTI-carbon.
Titanium oxide exhibits a better hemocompatibility than that of LTI-carbon.
We have studied the compatibility of polyethylene with some elastomers by using surfactants.
This proved that PE was not compatible with PUR and only partly compatible with CPE.
However, PET and PVC exhibit a high degree of incompatibility, in addition to the difficulty of preparation of the mixture from the melt.
These results sug- gest that the PET/PVC blend system becomes more incompatible as the amount of PET increases in the mixture.
VHDL-AMS makes them compatible with different electrical simulators such as Simplorer, Orcad and SystemVision.
This Regulation is also WTO-incompatible.
The results of this study showed that 4 of the 10 lipid excipients studied were incompatible with CARV.
On the contrary, IST showed that OA and LA are incompatible with CARV.
Maximiano F, Novack K, Bahia M, de Sa´-Barreto L, da Cunha- Filho M. Polymorphic screen and drug–excipient compatibility studies of the antichagasic benznidazole.
Liquid oxygen compatibility and thermal stability of bisphenol A and bisphenol F epoxy resins modified by DOPO.
They found that CS and PVA were not very compatible in the CS/PVA-blended hydrogel membranes.
In addition, it was found that PCL/PS blend was more compatible than EBU/PS blend.
The good compatibility between the two phases in PLA/PS blend was confirmed through differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) measurements, as shown in Fig.
 PLA/PS blend showed some degree of partial compatibility.
The analysis by Fourier transform infrared spectra and Raman spectroscopy indicated that GO could form both hydrogen bonding with XNBR and p-p conjugation with SBR, which favored the compatibility of XNBR and SBR components in the blends.
GO at the interface interacts with XNBR and SBR through hydrogen bonding and p-p conjugation, respectively, resulting in a compatibilizing effect in immiscible XNBR/SBR blends.
In Basidiomycete fungi, however, which include rusts, smuts and mushrooms, a system has evolved in which incompatibility is controlled by two unlinked loci.
Each cell is compatible at both systems.
mainly caused by an increase in RTs for the incompatible condi- tion with increasing number of green distractors.
The compatibility of Naproxen with the excipients was studied by FTIR and DSC.
Both ethyl cellulose and Eudragit RSPO are biocompatible polymers.
E. badgensis and E. smithii had the highest compatibility (R  1.27 and 1.19 °C/h respectively) whereas E. macarthurii and E. benthamii had the lowest compatibility (R  0.88 and 1.01 °C/h respectively).
Iredale [10] and Schreiber [11], [12] have proposed single-channel compatible HDTV systems that form a "pseudo-widescreen" image by reducing the number of active lines.
To achieve compatibility, the ACTV system uses the following techniques to hide the extra components.
Results of IST demonstrated incompatibility between IMN and cellulose acetate.
Based on the results, it was concluded that IMN is compatible with CSD.
It was concluded that IMN is compatible with lactose.
It was concluded that IMN is compatible with magne- sium stearate.
Thus, it is very unlikely that there is an in- compatibility between IMN and sorbitol.
Finally, based on the DSC results, it can be concluded that IMN is compatible with PVP.
Based on the results of DSC and IST, it was concluded that both IMN and lactose are compatible with each other.
Based on the results of DSC and IST (Table 2), it was concluded that there is no incompatibility between IMN and sodium chloride.
DSC results suggested an incompatibility between IMN and cellulose acetate.
On the basis of above results, it was concluded that there is a chemical incompatibility between IMN and cellulose acetate.
DSC results ruled out any incidence of incompatibility between IMN and ethyl cellulose.
IST results showed little change in the drug content, thus substantiating the claim that both IMN and ethyl cellulose are compatible with each other.
Based on the results of DSC alone, majority of the excipients were found to be compatible with IMN.
Na- tive self-incompatible cultivars have a wide geographic origin in the Mediterranean basin but not in California (USA) and Australia, where almond cultivars were in- troduced mainly by early Europeans setlers.
As a result of breeding for self-compatibility in the three Spanish breeding programmes, the S f allele is more common among the Spanish releases.
Efecto de la consanguinidad sobre la expresi´on y la transmisi´on de la autocompatibilidad en el almendro (Prunus amygdalus Batsch).
‘Francol´ı’, a late ﬂowering almond cultivar re-classiﬁed as self-compatible.
Identiﬁcation of self-incompatibility alleles in almond and related Prunus species using PCR.
Identiﬁcation of stylar RNases associetad with gametophytic self-incompatibility in almond (Prunus dulcis).
Using nitrate auxotrophic (Nit) mutants, we characterized vegetative compatibility groups (VCG) diversity for C. coccodes for 110 isolates originating from Israel, The Netherlands, and France.
Vegetative compatibility in the ento- mopathogen Verticillium lecanii.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahlia.
Aggressiveness of Verticillium dahlia isolates from different vegetative compatibility groups to potato and tomato.
Li and coworkers have studied the effects of incorporation of POSS units on the poly- styrene (PS)/poly(methyl methacrylate) (PMMA) blend compati- bility.
They found that some degree of compatibility was obtained using poly[(propylmethacryl-heptaisobutyl-POSS)-co-(methyl methacrylate)] (POSScoPMMA) with PMMA homopolymer [18].
DSC analysis revealed that melting temperature of PA-6 in the POSS compatibilized blends was lower than that of pure PA-6 and incompatibilized PP/PA-6 blend, which pointed out that miscibility of the PP/PA-6 blend was improved with the addition of POSSs nanoparticles.
Thus R is 2-compatible.
They observed that these elastomers were fully compatible with B20 and diesel but not in 15% ethanol blend.
Beiner and co-workers14 also found the pressure-induced compatibility in a UCST model polymer blend of poly(ethylmethylsiloxane) (PEMS)/poly(dimethylsiloxane) (PDMS).
Some plasma displays can be used for stereoscopic applications, however, the level of 3D compatibility is incredibly variable from one display to another.
Clindamycin phosphate is stable and compatible in ad­ mixtures te.sted for eight weeks at -10 °C, 32 days at 4 °C, and 16 days at 25 °C, in glass and polyvinyl chloride containers.
The PbSnTe/Ta10W couple tested at 1150¡C was found to be incompatible.
Insecticidal and environmental compatibility of neem extract attracts worldwide attention because of its effectiveness against over 100 species of insects, mites and nematodes in the ﬁelds (Abdel-Shafy and Zayed 2002).
Through the use of a silane coupling agent, the KF is grafted with functional groups to generate a chemical bond with the PLA; the modified KF shows high compatibility in the PLA matrix.
In the Vi-KF case, the Vi-grafting slightly enhanced the compatibility between the Vi-KF and PLA by lowering the KF surface polarity, although the Vi-KF did not produce Fig.
The OX–KF was grafted with the epoxy group using a silane coupling agent, thereby improving the compatibility and mechani- cal strength via the chemical bond generated between the OX–KF and the PLA.
Consequently, the incorpora- tion of PS-g-SBR copolymer can improve the compatibility of the PS/WRP blend.
Consequently, the incorporation of PS-g-SBR can improve the compatibility of the PS/WRP blend.
He has been associated with electro-compatibility work since 1954, at which time he was with Douglas Aircraft Company, El Segundo, Calif.
He has since been associated with electro-compatibility problems in several business ventures, Schulz and Weisbecker Com- pany and Electro-Search.
Ascidians The paradox of heterogenic somatic incompatibility and homogenic sexual incompatibility determined by the same factors is also reported from the asci- dian genus Botryllus.
- A similar situation, but involving somatic incompatible groups with differing morphological and physiological traits, is found in the imperfect fungi Aspergillus versicolor and A .
Heterokaryon incompatibility in imperfect species of Aspergillus.
Mutations of self-incompatibility alleles in Trifolium pratense and T. repens.
The highly significant difference would appear to be attributable to the fact that whilst J is “compatible” for both hands, I is “incompatible” for both hands.
So P and Q are compatible.
2), PHBV is less compatible than PS.
This means that only a quantitatively minor fraction of Kraft lignin is compatible with polypropylene.
SUMMARY hybrida (PMPSC) similarly to those in Nemesis discriminate among incompatible pollen sources with pollen- Discriminating styles (DS) in Petunia Both species exhibit mediated pseudo-self compatibility a single-locus gametophytic self-incompatibility system.
In DS/PMPSC, a plant with DS sets varying amounts of seed in incompatible matings depending on the PMPSC of the male used.
LGPL and CDDL are thus compatible for combination but not for relicensing.
And, as broadcast standards are for obvious reasons adopted nationwide, the fact that American, Britain and France operate on different, incompatible standards is a serious problem in a world of rapid transglobal telecommunica­ tions.
Taken with the variety of broadcast standards employed even across Europe, the potential for incompatibility is a powerful recipe for a bad headache.
Sony entered the domestic market with the Betamax tape format, while Matsushita launched the VHS; Philips N1500 and N1700 formats are already obsolete, having been replaced by their 2000 — all these are totally incompatible.
However, incompatibility between cyclizine and chloride ion has been previously reported and shown to be the result of the formation of the poorly soluble cyclizine hydrochloride, resulting in precipi- tation.
It is a SPICE compatible sub circuit.
The identification of a limited number of VCGs raises the potential of using vegeta- tive compatibility for further studies on S. homoeocarpa.
Vegetative compatibility groups among Sclerotinia homoeocarpa from leaves of Paspalum notatum.
Therefore, EMC compatibility standardization as a whole is uncompleted in the frequency range of 2 to 150 kHz.
Both Y and Z proved to be incompatible with Ag.
Conclusion Hydrocortisone was found to be physically compatible with acetamino- phen, albumin, cefepime, ciprofloxacin, cisatracurium, doripenem, epinephrine, esomeprazole, ibuprofen, levofloxacin, levothyroxine, meropenem, and nor- epinephrine in simulated Y-site admix- tures for up to 1 hour.
connected to an IBM-compati- ble PC.
The cell compati- bility of these molecules and the two component hydrogel 5 + 8 promises them to serve as biomaterials.
HA is well known to be biocompatible, and a biodegradable linear polysaccharide composed of unbranched repeating units of glucuronic acid and N-acetyl glucosamine linked by β 1–3 and β 1–4 glycosidic bonds [27–30].
Ondansetron hydrochloride 1 mg/mL is incompatible with many drugs that have alkaline pH values and may be incompatible with drugs that are sensitive to acidic pH values.
Discussion The current investigation studied the compatibility of several chemical acaricides with different EPN species.
The results of this study, along with previous related research (De Nardo & Grewal, 2003; García-del-Pino & Morton, 2010; Laznik & Trdan, 2017) in which the com- patibility of pesticides with EPN was evaluated, revealed that compatibility is species-speciﬁc.
Laznik & Trdan (2014) reported that the EPN species H. bacteriophora is compatible with this a.s.
This research shows that EPN H. bacteriophora is only compatible with the preparation containing abamectin after a 4 h exposure at 20 and 25°C.
The compatibility of EPN with different pesticides has already been researched in many laboratory exper- iments (Rovesti & Deseö, 1990; De Nardo & Grewal, 2003; García-del-Pino & Morton, 2010; Laznik & Tr- dan, 2014, 2017).
The results of all research have shown that pesticides from the same chemical group can vary considerably, and their compatibility with EPN is ques- tionable.
The compatibil- ity of the entomopathogenic nematode, Steinernema feltiae, and chemical insecticides for the control of the South Amer- ican leafminer, Liriomyza huidobrensis.
The accuracy of the method is demonstrated for compatibility predictions between pyrene (PY) and nile red (NR) as model dyes as well as indo- methacin (IMC) as model drug and copolymers containing blocks of poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG) and poly(lactic acid) (PLA) in different ratios.
More than half of the selected materials are compatible with PDA, which including cyclotrimethylenetrinitramine (RDX), 2,4,6-trinitrotoluene (TNT), 1,3,5-triamino-2,4,6-trinitrobenzene (TATB), pentaerythritol tetranitrate (PETN), ammonium perchlorate (AP), ammonium nitrate (AN), potassium nitrate (KNO3), aluminum powder (Al), aluminum oxide (Al2O3), 2-nitrodiphenylamine (NDPA) and 1,3-diethyl-1,3-diphenyl urea (C1).
Parker6 reported the compatibility of butorphanol and droperidol mixed in glass test tubes.
The fusion of the a2-1 and dl-1 proteins has forced an HD1-HD2 protein interaction that has overridden the normal requirement for both these proteins to find compatible partners.
A SPICE compatible model has been developed to simulate the CE produced by the DC-DC converter.
This suggests that the Chinese cherry ‘‘NC’’ has self compatible pollen grains.
The branches investigated set fruit 22% in average, which was much higher than 2%, the threshold being considered to be self- compatible for sour cherry (Boskovic et al.
All isolates obtained from C. esculentus belonged to a unique MCG, irrespective of their geographical origin or year of isolation, and were incompatible with the isolates from other hosts.
Mycelial compatibility grouping Isolates of R. necatrix were transferred to potato dextrose agar (PDA) (Biokar Diagnostics) and grown at 25°C in the dark for 6–7 days.
All isolates from C. esculentus belonged to a unique MCG, irrespective of their geographical origin or year of isolation, and were incompatible with all the isolates from other hosts.
Isolates collected from C. esculentus belonged to a unique MCG and were incompatible with isolates from other hosts.
Mycelial compatibility groups in Buenos Aires ﬁeld populations of Sclerotinia sclerotiorum (Sclerotiniaceae).
Widespread vegetative compatibility groups in the dry-rot fungus Serpula lacrymans.
Somatic incompatibility of Rosellinia necatrix on avocado plants in southern Spain.
We question whether these species are reproductively compatible because of this pronounced morphological differentiation, and therefore, we present a series of cross breeding experiments that test compatibility between T. sherlocki and other members of the T. brasiliensis complex.
This study investigates further the reproductive compati- bility between T. sherlocki and other members of the T. brasiliensis species complex (as deﬁned by Costa et al., 2013; Mendonc¸ a et al., 2009) and with T. lenti in cross-mating experiments.
Our study brings valuable information regarding hybridization potential among T. sherlocki and members of the T. brasiliensis species complex based on their reproductive compatibility under laboratory conditions.
The results of our study provide evidence for pre- and post- zygotic compatibility between T. sherlocki and members of the T. brasiliensis species complex.
Crossing experiments have been used previously to assess the reproductive compatibility of some species once placed within the T. brasiliensis subcomplex deﬁned by Schoﬁeld and Galvão (2009).
The same result was obtained using nitrocellulose membranes, except that these were incompatible with organic solvent and TFA.
Whereas certain aspects of the reproductive biology of these species is under- stood, their cross-compatibility on a single-plant and single- population basis only now is coming to light.
MATERIALS AND METHODS 30 Transplants from each of six populations of P. pilosa and 100 from one other population were tested for compatibility with 25 plants from one population of P. glaberrima.
Cross-compatibility was determined in a greenhouse with P. pilosa as the egg parent; the reciprocal cross does not yield seed.
The use of a pollen mixture wherein each plant was represented provided a common denominator for testing the compatibility of individual P. pilosa to a pop- ulation of P. glaberrima.
Intrapopulation variation patterns in P. pilosa for interspecific cross-compatibility.
The pattern of polymorphism for cross-compatibility in P. pilosa may well be representative of other Phlox species and of other genera, especially in those instances where hy- bridization does not constitute a significant threat.
Calcium and phosphorus compatibility in parenteral nutrition solutions for neo- nates.
Trissel’s calcium and phos- phate compatibility in parenteral nutri- tion.
However, PC and PS are completely incompatible systems.
It is found that the compatibility of PC and PS layers in multilayered film is better than that in conventional PC/PS blends.
In addi- tion some of the plants that were obtained did not flower, but every- one of the questionable plants that was tested proved to be self- compatible.
They concluded that only about 20% of the tested lines of Cucurbita maxima, Cucurbita moschata and Cucurbita pepo were compatible with watermelon.
Despite this genetic divergence, crosses among American, English, and Italian stocks demon- strate that populations of C. nemoralis are reproductively compatible on a continental scale.
These results imply that populations of C. nemoralis maintain genetic compatibility on a scale of many hundreds of kilonietres.
On the other hand, compatibility is obtained for the CA/PVB blends with lower WPVB values, especially at about 0.2.
The compatibility of CA/PVB is favorable to resistance to methanol for PVB because of the intermolecular interaction between CA and PVB molecules.
Introduction The anticoagulant materials such as polyurethane (PU), poly- sulfone (PSF), polyacrylic acid (PAA) and polyethersulfone (PES) have good mechanical properties, ﬂexibility and biocompatibility.
Blood compatible aspects of poly(2- methoxyethylacrylate) (PMEA)erelationship between protein adsorption and platelet adhesion on PMEA surface.
tenebrionis seem to present a better compatibility with the protection of C. maculata populations.
These preliminary results suggest that IPM pro- grammes against Colorado potato beetles using foliar applications of imidacloprid may not be compatible with the protection of C. maculata natural populations nor with augmentative releases of this predator.
Imidacloprid may be more compatible with biocontrol when used as soil applications in the ﬁeld, as beneﬁcial insects may not come in contact with the pesticide.
The binding energy of the PP/APP system was much lower, and its total energy was the highest, which both caused the PP/APP system to be unstable and incompatible.
The v value between PP and APP was relatively high (33.42), which manifested that PP/APP sys- tem was incompatible.
Based on the mesoscopic morphologies, the presence of the cyclo- triphosphazene derivative APESP could effectively improve the compatibility of PP/APP composites.
This does not mean that they are compatible in nature but sharing is nec- essary to enable use of existing technological developments in the microwave regions.
The boronic acid group is incompatible with solid-phase DNA synthesis.
Deposition of papillae in Arabidopsis leaves during compatible, incompatible and hrp mutant interactions.
Accumulation of H2O2 in Arabidopsis leaves during compatible, incompatible and hrp mutant interactions.
This study demonstrates that ondansetron is also compatible with dex amethasone in the concentrations and conditions tested.
In order to assess the diversity of vegetative compatibility reactions existing among Colletotrichum acutatum isolates derived from different hosts, complementary nit mutants of each isolate were obtained and paired in all possible combinations.
Vegetative compatibility observed in current study between isolates from strawberry and Tahiti lime suggests that isolates from different hosts are potentially able to exchange genetic material.
Vegetative compatibility grouping and pathogenicity of Colletotrichum gloeo- sporioides isolates from different host plants.
Vegetative compatibility groups in the fungus Cryptosporiopsis actinidiae.
Vegetative compatibility among isolates of Colletotrichum gloeosporioides from almond in Israel.
Characterization of Iranian isolates of Fusarium oxysporum on the basis of RAPD analysis, virulence and vegetative compatibility.
It also indicates the compatibility of azoxystrobin and P. chlamydosporia in some circumstances.
- 2 - Low pas s filters are used to control the remaining four per­ cent o f the e ffect to achiev� system electromagneti c compatibility .
Further, 60:40 and 40:60 ratios of Hytrel:HDPE were com- pounded in multiple ratios with varying PE–BA– GMA compatibilisers from 1 to 10 wt-%.
Waste and virgin LDPE/PET blends compatibilized with an ethyl- ene-butyl acrylate-glycidyl methacrylate (EBAGMA) terpolymer, 1 morphology and mechanical properties.
Properties of immiscible and ethylene–butyl acrylate–glycidyl methacrylate ter- polymer compatibilized poly (lactic acid) and polypro- pylene blends.
An analysis of the composition of PN admixtures incompatible with VMC demonstrated the presence of olive oil.
Therefore, it is highly favourable that HDTV will be introduced in such a way that compatibility with standard-definition TV is guaranteed.
The compatible TV signal can be displayed on an ordinary standard-definition display system, whereas the combination of this signal with the surplus signals can be displayed on an HDTV system.
2 Splitting of HDTV into compatible TV and surplus 2.1 Format of the TV and HDTV signals The digital HDTV signal consists of a luminance component (Y) and two color-difference components (U and V).
Principally, a compatible TV signal can be obtained from the HDTV signal by applying the above- described splitting method to each HDTV frame.
As HDTV middle frequencies generally contain more energy than the TV high frequencies, the compatible TV signal will contain more signal energy at its higher frequencies than an ordinary TV signal.
The compatible TV signal has a high picture quality, which makes it suitable for display on an ordinary TV monitor.
An intraframe DCT coding scheme has been outlined, which yields a high-quality compatible TV signal at about 50—60 Mbit/s.
We conclude that A. acutifolium shows apo- mixis-related pseudo-self-compatibility, as in other self-fertile apomictic species of Bignoniaceae, which confer reproductive assurance and increases fruit-set and persis- tence ability in fast-changing tropical habitats.
Within B. dorsa- lis, recent studies show that Asian and African populations of B. dorsalis are sexually compatible, while popula- tions of B. dorsalis and Bactrocera carambolae are relatively incompatible.
The data conﬁrmed that Asian and African populations of B. dorsalis are sexually compatible for mating and showed that ME feeding only increased the number of matings.
Though ME feeding also increased the number of matings of B. dorsalis (Asian population) and B. carambolae males but the sexual incompatibility between both species was not reduced by treatment with ME.
Mating compatibility among four pest mem- bers of fruit ﬂy species complex (Diptera: Tephritidae).
Genetic diversity among populations of these two plant pathogens has been approached by the assessment of vegetative compatibility using nitrate non-utilizing auxotrophs.
In A. cucurbi- tacearum, with a host range limited to Cucurbiraceae and found in Spain and USA (California and Texas), 10 vegetative compatibility groups have been identified.
Of the remaining P. cucumerina isolates, two did not produce nit mutants, two were self- incompatible and the others were vegetatively incompatible among themselves, suggesting that this fungal species may have wide genetic diversity in nature.
The P. cucumerina collection was tested for vegetative compatibility against the nit mutant testers of the 10 known vegetative compatibility groups of A. cucurbita- cearum (Abad et al., 1997).
There is thus a certain possibility of a vegetative compatibility relationship between A. cucurbitacearum and strains of P. cucumerina, because Southern hybridizations and RFLPs of mitochondria1 DNA have revealed that the two fungal pathogens share higher genetic similarity than A. cucurbita- cearum and other species of Acremonium (Vicente, 1999).
Genetic relationships among P. cucumerina isolates may be complex, as reflected by the numerous strains that are vegetatively incompatible.
KH550 has the functional groups –NH2, alkaline and hydrolysis easily, it can improve the compatibility and dispersion of fiber in silicon rubber.
The functionalized-TiO2 nanoparticles played the compatibilizer for the immiscible PP/PA6 blends, increasing the interaction of the two phases in certain extent.
Electro-Explosive Devices R F compatibility testing of the E V M .
All these findings suggest that PVA and SF are incompatible.
However, it was observed that hybridization between compatible species is generally facilitated via insect mediated pollination.
recommend reproductive compatibility derived from The present study assessed potential hybridisation between cultivated non-transgenic G. hirsutum and feral G. barbadense under controlled conditions so as to establish the potential for gene flow.
Crossing compatibility The study findings show that feral G. barbadense in Tanzania is sexually compatible to cultivated G. Shilla et al.
We found that the H2- TNTs exhibited better biocompatibility than the air- TNT and Ti groups.
Interestingly, their turbidity assessment results showed that amiodarone was not compatible with PN.
This study demonstrates the physicochemical compati- bility of amiodarone mixed with standard PN during Y-site administration, when amiodarone solutions are prescribed at usual concentrations.
HA, a linear glycosaminoglycan consisting of repeating units of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine and D-glucuronic acid, has unique physicochemical and biological properties, including biocompatibility, biodegradability, mucoadhesivity, hygroscopicity, and viscoelasticity.
Distribution of vegetative compatibility groups of Aspergillus ﬂavus within and between agro-ecological zones and positive complementations with toxigenic and atoxigenic isolates in Nigeria.
Distribution of Aspergillus ﬂavus vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs) across locations and districts in the three agro-ecological zones in Nigeria.
Diversity of vegetative compatibility groups in a population of Aspergillus ﬂavus collected from three agro-ecological zones in Nigeria.
(1995) Vegetative compatibility within populations of Aspergillus ﬂavus, A. parasiticus and A. tamarii from a peanut ﬁeld.
Considering the field of application, XNBR can be selected as the more preferen- tial rubber for EMA to develop technologically compatible blend.
Therefore, from the above experimental result, it can be concluded that EMA and XNBR can 1 3 Polymer Bulletin form technologically compatible blend by varying the blend ratio of each compo- nent and fulfill the potential requisite of service regime.
Generally, GHP and GAP are compatible with each other.
cepae from onion in Turkey based on vegetative compatibility and rDNA RFLP analysis.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticillium dahliae from ornamental woody plants.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticillium dahliae isolates from weeds in potato ﬁelds.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae isolates from different hosts in Greece.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Verticillium dahliae isolates from the Netherlands as compared to VCG diversity in Europe and in the USA.
Vegetative compatibility grouping in Botrytis cinerea using sulphate non-utilizing mutants.
Fusarium verticillioides from sugarcane, vegetative compatibility groups and pathogenicity.
Classiﬁcation of isolates of Verticillium dahliae based on heterokaryon incompati- Puhalla JE.
Additional vegetative compatibility groups Colletotrichum coccodes subpopulations from Europe and Israel.
Vegetative compatibility groupings of Verticillium dah- liae from cotton in mainland China.
Modiﬁcations of plasticized PVC biomaterials by the addi- tion of cyclodextrins have been reported to improve bio- compatibility by decreasing DEHP migration, increasing hydrophilicity and decreasing ﬁbrinogen adsorption.
Cyclo- dextrins are also reported to improve the biocompatibility by changing the surface characteristics of the PVC biomate- rial.6–8 Cyclodextrins (CD) are enzymatically modiﬁed starch, having a wide range of applications in food, pharmaceutical and chemical industries as well as agriculture and environ- mental engineering.
The S5 6 has been previously reported to be responsible for the wide-compatibility in rice.
The S5 at least 15% in indica/japonica hybrids, thus exhibiting wide-compatible capability.
The presence of only one glass transition point indicates that, in the examined interval of polymer compositions, NaCMC is compatible with PVFA.
Thus, conversion of NaCMC to the H form leads to full loss of the compatibility of the cellulose ether with PVFA.
A study by DMA and solvent vapor sorption showed that NaCMC is compatible with PVFA throughout the examined interval of the polymer compositions, whereas HCMC is incompatible with the polyamide.
CONCLUSIONS (1) Carboxymethyl cellulose sodium salt is compatible with poly-N-vinylformamide throughout the examined interval of polymer blend compositions, whereas the H form is incompatible with the polyamide.
Nebicapone a cate- chol-O-methyltransferase inhibitor was incompatible with MS using the techniques: DSC, high sensitivity DSC (HSDSC) and conventional heat stress [21].
These results indicated no incompatibility with SSG and CCS.
Based on the aforementioned results, it was concluded that trioxsalen was compatible with SLS.
Group Bernardi conducted a study of compatibility by DSC showing a possible physical interaction of the ven- lafaxine hydrochloride, a third generation antidepressant, with MS, microcrystalline cellulose and starch.
However, fur- ther evaluation of these incompatible excipients with non- thermal method such as FTIR showed the incompatibility of BNZ with only the polyethylene glycol.
Conclusions The results of the compatibility of some binary mixtures were analyzed using DSC, DTA, and IR.
The data from DSC and DTA indicated that the MS, lactose, microcrystalline cellulose, pregelatinized starch, mannitol, SSG, and CCS showed no incompatibility between trioxsalen and these excipients.
It was later discovered that some SAE multigrade oils that contain higher-cloud-point basestocks are incompatible with other same-W-grade oils that contain V1 improvers that have a propensity to interact with wax precursors.
Self-compatible variants have often been described in essentially self-incompatible diploid species (Pushkarnath 1942; Cipar et al.
Self-compatibility in doubled haploids and their F1 hybrids, re- generated via anther culture in self-incompatible Solanum chacoense Bitt.
Inheritance of incompatibility in hybrids between Solanum tuberosum hap- loids and diploid species.
Genetics of self- compatibility in a self-incompatible wild diploid potato species Solanum chacoense.
Genetics of self- compatibility in a self-incompatible wild diploid potato species Solanum chacoense.
Interspecific incompatibility in Solanum spe- cies.
Thus, it was found that SUS430 shows good compati- bility with Flibe.
Considering all results, the compatibility of JLF-1 with Flibe was found to be good for the ﬁrst 30 days.
truncatus was not compatible with S. haematobium from Senegal.
However, two laboratory stocks of snails originating from Dakar and Thies were shown to be compatible with isolates of S. haematobium from areas in Africa where trans- mission is through Bu.
The S. haem atobium from the Upper Valley of the SRB (Sekokoto, Mali) was compatible with Bu.
The S. haem atobium from Of® ce du Niger (SiguivouceÂ , Mali) was also compatible with the Bu.
Here, Ti-O was substituted for Si-O to prepare organically modified titanate hybrids, with which it was attempted to provide better flexible and blood compatible hybrids.
Thus, SUS itself and the hybrids are well blood compatible in terms of PTT, PT and Fib.
Summary Blood compatible organic-inorganic hybrids with Ti-O bonding were successfully synthesized and developed on stainless steel substrates (SUS316L).
As a result of the lack of cooperation, the Arabized Systems developed during the last decade in the Arab world are incompatible.
We assessed their impact, at the recommended rates use in Spain, on the protected stages of the parasitoid: complex parasitized larvae-immature stage of the parasitoid and pupae of H. didymator, to determine their compatibility with the natural enemy.
conventional VF2/HFP Although fluoroelastomers continue to be used extensively in automotive engines, the specialty types of fluoroelastomers capable of being formulated for optimum acid resistance and crosslinked with peroxides offer superior compatibility with RME biodiesel and the byproducts of its oxidation.
In the nanosized form, either nanocrystalline cellulose or TEMPO-oxidized nanocelluloses, it is believed can enhance the compatibility of blends through the physical interaction between nanocellulose and polymeric materials in the blends.
The influence of maleic anhydride-grafted polymers as compatibilizer on the properties of polypropylene and cyclic natural rubber blends.
 We found signiﬁcantly more self-compatible species on islands than mainlands across a sample of > 1500 species from three widely distributed ﬂowering plant families (Asteraceae, Brassicaceae and Solanaceae).
Overall, 66% of island species were self-compatible, compared with 41% of mainland species.
Kovar is widely used and is fairly compatible with rutile under temperature expansion.
I investigated the relationship between ID, limited mate availability, and the occurrence of SC in 13 populations of Ranunculus (Ranunculaceae), which is usually self-incompatible.
The majority of SC plants were only weakly self-compatible.
Transient self- incompatibility confers delayed selﬁng in Leptosiphon jepsonii (Polemoniaceae).
S-allele diversity suggests no mate limita- tion in small populations of a self-incompatible plant.
These studies were conducted to further investigate the compatibil ity of BAS 9052 OH with acifluorfen and bentazon.
The results further proved that MSPT-2 composites possessed excellent compatibility, not only because of the urethane bonds of the PUP and starch, but also stemming from the physical crosslinking between soft segment of PUP and aliphatic segment of MPBAT.
It was attributed to the incompatibility of the hydrophilic starch and hydrophobic MPBAT.
Meanwhile, the structure of PU had excellent compatibility with MPBAT due to physical crosslinking.
Only eight other Carex species are known to be self-compatible.
Both species are self-compatible (Table 1).
They were nominally self-compatible and originated from crosses of two self-compatible cultivars, Tuono and Genco, with self-incompatible cultivars.
Almond is a self-incompatible species with a possible genetic background of pseudo-self-compatibility (Socias i Company, 1990) resulting in the fruit set differences observed in these selections.
On the other hand, Aquivion showed good compatibility with both pure chemicals and the amine mixtures, but a large uptake was observed in both DEEA and MAPA, and also in the case of 3D3M (Table 2).
Vegetative compatibility within or between Epichloe species has not yet been investigated.
For this reason they should be under greater selec tion pressure than Epichloe species to maintain ge netic barriers limiting vegetative compatibility.
Heterokaryon self-in compatibility in Gibberella fujikuroi (Fusarium monili forme).
We show through our setting that, contrary to what is often stated in the literature, the DME is fully compatible with the FDT.
In particular, we have shown that the DME is fully compatible with the FDT, contrary to what is sometimes claimed in the literature.
The occurrence of geographically widespread vege- tative compatibility groups (VCG) in S. lacrymans in Europe is demonstrated in this study.
The primary observation of vegetative compatibil- ity between isolates of S. lacrymans from different ar- eas revealed that widespread VCG exist in this spe- cies.
from the overlapping zone between all compatible isolates and grown on 2% MEA for 2 wk.
Vegetative confrontations between three isolates of Serpula lacrymans on 2% malt-extract agar, of which two isolates are compatible (SL161/SL158) and two pairs are incompatible (SL159/SL161 and SL159/SL158).
Vegetative compatibility groups and growth rates (mm per 24 h) of the 22 S. lacrymans isolates.
Genetic diversity within and among vegetative compatibility groups of Stereum san- guinolentum determined by arbitrary primed PCR.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Amylostereum areolatum and A. chailletii from Sweden and Lithuania.
This shows high compatibility of the pheromone with the three potent fungal isolates that were found effective against adults and fourth instars of T. absoluta.
Seleção de Isolados de Fungos Entomopatogênicos para o controle de Tuta abso- luta (Meyrick) (Lepidoptera: Gelechiidae) e sua compatibilidade com alguns inseticidas usados na cultura do tomateiro.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticillium dahliae from ornamental woody plants.
Vegetative compatibility groups and pathogenicity of Verticillium dahliae isolates from potato plants in Erzurum Province.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticillium dahliae isolates from weeds in potato fields.
Vegetative compatibility of Verticillium dahliae isolates from potato and sunflower using nitrate non-utilizing (nit) mutants and PCR-based approaches.
Vegetative compatibility and pathogenicity of Verticillium dahliae isolates from the Aegean Region of Turkey.
Aggressiveness of Verticillium dahliae iso- lates from different vegetative compatibility groups to potato and tomato.
Vegetative compatibility groupings of Verticillium dahliae from cotton in mainland China.
According to the obtained results, it has been concluded that the PMMA-co-BMA/chitosan bioblends are compatible in all the studied compositions.
According to all the aforementioned methods, chitosan and PMMA-co- BMA give rise to compatible bioblends.
Through the spectroscopic analysis of the polymer bioblends it was found that the compatibility of these materials is due to speciﬁc supramolecular involving the carbonyl and methyl groups of PMMA-co-BMA and the methyl, amide and amine groups of chitosan.
Poly (acrylic acid) and poly (sodium styrenesulfonate) compati- bility by Fourier transform infrared and differential scanning calor- imetry.
the Comparing the results from Scenarios S2 and S1, it can be seen that having BS sectors using the same frequency channel with main beam directions closer together, results in higher aggregate power levels at the MSS Therefore, ANLE/AeroMACS-to-MSS compatibility does not improve if BS sectors using the same frequency channel have main beam directions oriented closer together.
Amazon has chosen to make its electronic “Kindle” books compatible with the iPad tablet computer.
While Apple has so far not made its “iBooks” compatible with the Amazon Kindle.
Thus in this single-sided market, it is the dominant strategy equi- librium for both platforms to choose incompatible platforms.
The compatibility of Pt/C with alkaline sulﬁde fuel offers an effective way to improve the performance of DASFC.
It was found that SUH3 and SUS430 had good compatibility with Pb -Bi.
The results indicated that SUS430 which was characterized by high-Cr content, NTK04L and Recloy10 which were characterized by high-Al content, exhibit good compatibility with Pb-Bi.
As a result, PA12-rich blends are more compatible than PVDF-rich blends.
Compatibility of Aroclors with Nitrocellulose The aroclors are not solvents for nitrocellulose, but they are compatible with it up to certain definite limits.
It is relatively stronger than the new bands due to sodium stearate because of the higher compatibility of the ester with PVC.
Polar lubricants such as mono- and diesters of glycerol are compatible and interact with PVC molecules and partly isolate them from the other polymer molecules.
This study analy- sed the sexual competitiveness and compatibility of laboratory-reared sterile B. cucurbitae ﬂies treated with two species of the entomopathogenic fungi (B. bassiana and M. anisopliae) with wild ones.
Ijowever an excess of low self-compatible plants and the cor-mtinuous variation obtaineci suggested that self-compatibility of C. nrhorescens may be inflrlerlcctl by several f2tctors.
Thus, graphene and EPDM-g-MAH compatibilizer with additional physical entanglements and creating new chemical bonds signifi- cantly improve the mechanical properties.
High diversity of vegetative compatibility types in Cryphonectria parasitica in Japan and China.
Low diversity of vegetative compatibility types and mating type of Cryphonectria parasitica in the Southern Balkans.
Diversity of vegetative compatibility (vc) types found in 2 populations (Lugo and Ourense) of Cryphonectria parasitica sampled in Galicia.
Granisetron hydrochloride was stable in and compatible with all the i.v.
Grani­ setron and dexamethasone sodium phosphate were sta­ ble and compatible in the ad­ mixture.
Granisetron hydrochloride was compatible with and stable in the presence of each of 15 antineoplastic agents for four hours during simulated Y-site injection.
He later ela- borated, explaining that one way in which Islam is incompatible with Irish society is that Ireland is becoming more secular and liberal.
However, it is known that wild plant species exist on a spectrum of near complete self-compatibility to near com- plete self-incompatibility, with some species exhibiting vari- ability among populations (Whitehead et al.
The study of self-incompatibility and interspecies hybrids in Silphium can better inform the next steps and speed of domestication within the genus, as well as for other Heliantheae and Asteraceae species.
This implies that the strength of self-incompatibility in Silphium, and particularly S. integrifolium, is highly variable across genotypes and populations.
With very little equipment and human resource investment, the sexual compatibility assessment can be used to decide which strain is more suitable for (cid:222)eld release, to assess the sexual compatibility of wild C. capitata populations from different geographic origins, and to test the sex- ual behavior of recently developed GSS.
This suggests that N4 is made compatible with SPS-Li in the amorphous phase by virtue of the specific intermo- lecular interactions between the amide groups and the lithium sulfonate groups over the entire composition range.
Conclusion N4 is made compatible with SPS-Li in the amorphous phase by virtue of the specific intermolecular interactions between the amide groups and the lithium sulfonate groups over the entire composition range as evidenced by the Tg measurements using DSC and DMTA.
Prunus species exhibit typical gametophytic self- incompatibility (GSI).
It could be seen that even though Pluronic was added the PLA and PCL are still not compatible.
In the gameto- phytic self-incompatible (GSI) species of Solanaceae (McClure et al.
Self-compatibility in Pyrus breeding Pears are commercially important fruit crops worldwide.
If such affinity translates into reproductive compatibility, it would allow grouping all these populations under the aff1 morphotype; and, in terms of pest management, this result would imply that SIT can be applied over a large area with important commercial production of A. fraterculus hosts such as apples, blue-berries, citrus, guavas, pears and peaches.
Concurrently, as an initial step for efficient SIT application in the region, we set out to establish the degree of pre- and post-zygotic compatibility among one Argentinean and two southern Brazilian populations of A. fraterculus.
Discussion The present study analysed mating compatibility among Argentinean and southern Brazilian populations of A. fraterculus as a prerequisite to develop an area-wide approach using the sterile insect technique against this pest.
Pelotas, Tucumán and Vacaria) were shown to be reproductively compatible.
If genetic and morphological simi- larities also represent reproductive compatibility among other populations from Argentina and Brazil, the geographical range of the A. fraterculus aff1 morphotype could be extended as far north as Monte Alegre do Sul and as far south as Buenos Aires (Castelar).
Distribution of populations from Argentina and southern Brazil compatible with A. fraterculus aff1.
Of the three incompatible conditions, the RT for LC was the lowest (667 ms), while the RTs for TC (685 ms) and BI (683 ms) were nearly the same.
As for the three incompatible conditions, LC was responded to faster than TC and BI, while the RTs for TC and BI were similar, with RT for TC a bit faster.
Mycelial compatibility and pathogenic diversity among Sclerotium rolfsii isolates in the southern United States.
Therefore, trials were established at Aula Dei Experimental Station (Zaragoza, Spain) nurseries to assess graft compatibility between four apricot cultivars (‘Búlida’, ‘Canino’, ‘Moniquí’ and ‘Paviot’) and twenty-one plum based rootstocks.
group (‘Canino’ and ‘Moniquí’) graft in- compatibility was observed, in general, with all fast-growing plum rootstocks (mainly Prunus cerasifera) and some interspeciﬁc hybrid rootstocks.
Similarly, the penta- ploid hybrid Damas GF 1869 exhibited good compatibility with the exigent cv.
In addition, PM 140 AD presents morphological characteristics closer to fast-growing plums (Myrobalan and Marianna) which support the hybridization hypothesis with species showing more incompatibility problems with apricot (Hernández et al., 2010).
Finally, the graft incompatibility found between apricot cultivars and rootstocks from Marianna and Myrobalan group, suggested that, in general, the aﬃnity of apricot on the diploids P. cerasifera is worse than on the hexaploids P. insititia or P. domestica plums.
Graft union formation and cell-to-cell commu- nication via plasmodesmata in compatible and incompatible stem unions of Prunus spp.
This compatibilizing pair has been used to com- patibilizer mixtures made from PA/PS, PET/PS, PBT/PS, PBT/PPO, etc.
2.8 Formation of microemions using MGE as a compatibilizing agent into the PBT/SAN mixture.
The result shows that male- ated PBS has an excellent compatibilizing effect where it is thermodynamically miscible with PBS and could form a chemical interaction with TPS.
The introduction of maleated PBS resulted in the DMA peaks approaching each other, indicating that PBS and TPS are partially compatible.
Muthuraj (2015) reported the development of maleated PBS as a compatibilizer for poly(butylene adipate-co-terephthalate) (PBAT)/PBS blends.
(2014) indicated that PCL and PLA are ther- modynamically incompatible and form blends with a multiphase structure and an inadequate interfacial bonding, which deteriorates their mechanical performance.
Peroxide radical crosslinking has also been used to improve the compatibility of biodegradable polymer blends via partial crosslinking of the components of the blend.
It is known that the incorporation of the PHB-co-HHx-g-MA compati- bilizer helps promote a good interfacial interaction between both phases.
(2014) also investigated the reactive compatibilization of PLLA/ PBS blends with the addition of maleated PBS and PLLA.
These authors used MA-grafted high-density polyethylene (HDPE-g-MA) as a compatibilizer and DCP organic peroxide as a crosslinking agent.
Polybutylene succinate (PBS)-polycaprolactone (PCL) blends compatibilized with poly(ethylene oxide)-block- poly(propylene oxide)-block-poly(ethylene oxide) (PEO-PPO-PEO) copolymer for biomate- rial applications.
Toughening of PHBV/PBS and PHB/PBS blends via in situ compatibilization using dicumyl peroxide as a free-radical grafting initiator.
Functional polyethylene as a compatibilizer in blends of recycled polyethyl- enes and polyamides.
Chapter 4 Crosslinked Polymer Hydrogels Reem K. Farag and Salma Hani Abstract The use of synthetic crosslinked polymer gels has increased in recent years, due to their unique characteristics such as high mechanical strength, service life and water and oil swelling, as well as being biocompatible.
Polymers that are water soluble, including PAAm, PEG, poly(vinyl alcohol) (PVA) and polysaccharides are the main systems used for applications in the biomedical and pharmaceutical fields, due to their bio- compatibility and non-toxicity (Caló and Khutoryanskiy 2015).
Investigating the nanostructure and thermal properties of chiral poly(amide-imide)/Al2O3 compatibilized with 3-aminopropyltriethoxysilane.
It has been shown that cellulose-based hydrogels are biodegradable, in addition to their biocompatibility.
Currently, porous lead zirconate (PZT - Pb(Zr,Ti)O3) is used in these devices, which are not biocompatible, but can be replaced by an alternative biocompatible EAP.
Studies of binary mixtures showed no incompatibilities between clozapine and excipients, except for clozapine:lactose which can reduce the stability of bulk and tablets of clozapine.
Amplitudes of the Go-P3 (white bars) and Nogo-P3 (black bars), separated for the compatible and incompatible condition for the PD and control groups.
Although B. rapa, B. oleracea and artiﬁcially synthesized amphidiploids with the AC genome are self-incompatible, B. napus is self-compatible.
Introduction Although most mono-genomic Brassica species are self-incompatible, di-genomic species in this genus, i.e.
Self-compatibility of ‘Westar’ due to the loss of recognition speciﬁcity in the pollen ‘Westar’ was crossed with a synthesized amphidiploid plant produced by inter-speciﬁc hybridization between an S-46 B. rapa homozygote and an S-15 B. oleracea homozygote to reveal allelic relationships between BnS-1, BnS-6, BrS-46 and BoS-15.
All homozygotes were self-compatible, and all the BrS-46 homozygotes were self-incompatible, suggesting that the self-compatibility of ‘Westar’ is linked to BnS-1.
Cross-incompatibility of ‘Westar’ with B. rapa and B. oleracea S homozygotes was investigated.
Segregation analysis using F2 plants between ‘Westar’ and an artiﬁcially synthesized B. napus showed that the self-compatibility of ‘Westar’ is controlled by the S locus.
Origin of B. napus Inter-speciﬁc incompatibility between B. rapa and B. olera- cea inhibits fertilization after inter-speciﬁc pollination.
Evolution of the aliphatic proton correlations for the TPD (closed circles) and polycarbonate (open circles) methyl carbons as a function of spin diffusion mixing time, T , for the 50/W compatible blend.
The present data show that a methylene chloride cast blend of the aromatic amine TPD in Bisphenol A polycarbonate is compatible at the molecular level.
However, there are compatibility problems among TEG, CC (catalytic converter) and muf (muffler).
However, there are compatibility problems among TEG, CC (catalytic converter) and muf (muffler).
They suggested that only the ‘Tuono’ pollen grains carrying the Sf allele would be able to grow through the ‘Ferragnès’ pistils, whereas those carrying the S1 allele would not be able to grow through pistils possessing the same allele, giving only self-compatible plants in the offspring.
These observations are probably ascribed to the good interfacial compatibility between these MOF-based llers and CS.
The mixtures of morphine and ketorolac also under- went chemical compatibility tests using HPLC.
Mixtures containing 4 mg of haloperidol lactate were found incompatible (see Table 6—solutions A1/2 and A6/2), since the solutions became opalescent immediately after the mix- tures were prepared, while a precipitate developed after 48 h in solution A8/6, containing a combination of 60 mg of mor- phine hydrochloride and 60 mg of ketorolac tromethamine with 30 mg of metoclopramide hydrochloride.
All the other mixtures were found physically compatible.
Three-component mixtures Three-component mixtures have been obtained adding to the compatible two-component mixtures haloperidol, hyoscine butylbromide, dexamethasone, or metoclopramide.
The possibility of administrate three-component mixtures obtained adding to the compatible morphine–ketorolac mix- tures haloperidol, hyoscine butylbromide, dexamethasone, or metoclopramide is also confirmed.
These mixtures are physi- cally compatible and stable at the tested concentration.
Four commercial maize (Zea mays L.) hybrids were analyzed for their stability and compatibility with each other in an attempt to assess the role played by these charac- ters in determining grain yield.
While EPDM 1 is limitedly com- patible with all refrigerants, except for R1233zd-E, EPDM 2 shows good compatibility with these ﬂuids.
The limited compatibility of EPDM 2 with R1233zd-E is mainly due to the temperature-dependent expulsion of plasticizers.
Furthermore, it can be seen that the compatibility with R1233zd-E diﬀers from the other refriger- ants.
Chlorobutadiene rubber (CR) is only limitedly compatible with all refrigerants and the lubricant oil due to the dissolution of low-molecular additives and the temperature-dependent thermal expulsion of plasticizers.
NBR is well compatible with R245fa but only limitedly compatible with all other investigated ﬂuids, due to the dissolution of low- molecular additives.
Looking at the thermoplastics, PTFE has good compatibility with all investigated ﬂuids, while PP has diﬀerent compatibility properties.
All other investigated ﬂuids however, are well compatible with PP.
There are kinds of effective methods for promoting the compatibility between asphalt and ER for hot-mixed EA and warm-mixed EA, rather than cold-mixed EA (CEA).
Fluoroelastomer compatibility with biodiesel fuels.
Any natural gas engine is compatible to run on HCNG or with minimum modiﬁ cations.
The solution is based on a pre-encoding HDR-to-SDR conversion, generating a backward compatible SDR video, with side dynamic metadata.
The proposed solution, SL-HDR1, addresses the SDR/HDR backward compatibility by offering a new dynamic reducer with consistent SDR/HDR colors.
switched, both are incompatible.
Thus, the use of virgin ABS offers higher compatibility than recycled ABS, because of the improved adhesion which exists between the polybutadiene phase and the SAN phase.
Recently, dopamine has been widely applied due to its Gelatin is a biodegradable, highly biocompatibility, nontoxic, abundant and self-polymerization to form a thin film by immersed in dopamine aqueous solution (pH 8.5).
Figure 5d shows that the exothermic peak of NTO/ABTOX was 24.23 °C lower than that of pure ABTOX, which suggested that the mixture system NTO/ ABTOX exhibited bad compatibility according to Table 2.
In addition, RDX/ABTOX and Al/ABTOX have moder- ate compatibility.
All these observations show that there is a speciﬁc interaction between CAP and PMMA, and CAP forms a compatible blend with PMMA in the entire composition range.
The compatibility of the system may be due to the formation of a hydrogen bond between the carbonyl group of PMMA and the free hydroxyl group of CAP.
To study mycelial compatibility grouping and pathogenic- ity variability, isolates of S. sclerotiorum were collected from sunflower fields in East, West Azerbaijan and Ardebil provinces of Iran.
Mycelial compatibility group and pathogenicity variation of Sclero- tinia sclerotioum populations in sunflower from China, Can- ada and England.
Physical {Visual) Compatibility: Panheprin at a concentration of 20,000 units per liter is physically compatible with all Abbo-Liter solutions.
Incompatible Incompatible 500 mg.
Intramorph and intermorph compatibility in tristylous populations of Decodon verti- cillatus (Lythraceae).
Comparing seed production fig- ures following legitimate pollinations with those following illegitimate pollinations, the three flo- ral morphs of Decodon verticillatus exhibit high levels of self-compatibility.
PVA shows excellent chemical resistance and biocompatibility.
Dular, a landrace variety from India, has both a wide spectrum and high level of wide- compatibility when crossed with a range of indica and japonica varieties.
In this context, the aim of this work is to evaluate the compatibility between the nebulized extract of S. brasiliensis with pharmaceutical excipients used in solid forms through analytical techniques using chemometric tools of pattern recognition.
Authors have previously reported that phospholipids, which are added to emulsions as ·emulsifying agents, frequently are incompatible with strong electrolytes.
I. phB-icaUy incompatible with enteral products.
Polymer-based NPs were the most compatible NPs.
Chitosan, comprising N-acetylglucosamine and glucosamine, can be obtained by alkaline deacetylation of chitin and is found to be nontoxic and biocompatible with living tissue [10].
Chitosan comprising N-acetylglucosamine and glucosamine can be obtained by alkaline deacetylation of chitin and is found to be nontoxic and biocompatible with living tissue.
I n addition, it also permits PALplus standard mode compatible to16.9 wide screen on a 4:3 screen.
Graft incompatibility and scion-rootstock relationships in slash pine (Pi- nus elliottii) and loblolly pine (Pinus taeda).
According to the adopted compatibility index, the aqueous extracts of neem seeds and leaves catigua, depending on the concentration used, and the botanical insecticide Neempro, were classiﬁed as compatible with the entomopathogen, becoming important alternatives to integrate programmes of integrated pest management, especially in organic farming systems.
However, depending on the biological index adopted, the aqueous extracts of neem and catigua leaves, depending on the concentration used, and the botanical insecticide Neempro, were compatible with the entomopathogen, presenting an important alternative to integrate into IPM programmes, mainly in organic farming.
Among the neem derivates studied, the oil emulsion obtained from the neem seeds (DalNeem), regardless of the concentration used, presented the most accentuated deleterious effects on the isolate of B. bassiana and is classiﬁed as moderately toxic depending on the compatibility index used.
This aspect is in accordance with the effect observed in the present study, given that the Neempro (azadirachtin þ 3-tigloylazadirachtol) was, as well as the neem seeds extract, compatible with the isolate of B. bassiana, in spite of presenting a high concentration of limonoids found in most A. indica derivates.
Selec¸a˜o de isolados de fungos entomopatogeˆnicos para o controle de Tuta absoluta (Meyrick) (Lepidoptera: Gelechiidae) e sua compatibilidade com alguns inseticidas usados na cultura do tomateiro (Selection of isolates of entomopathogenic fungi for controlling Tuta absoluta (Meyrick) (Lepidoptera: Gelechiidae) and their compatibility with insecticides used in tomato crop).
The failure of O. armatus to establish in some greenhouses has been attributed to the use of newer, more non-selective pesticides, some of which are regarded to be compatible with integrated pest management.
are omnivorous, feeding on pollen and plant material.24 Selection of pesticides was based on their use by industry for control of F. occidentalis and other key pests in sweet pepper; claims by the manufacturer that they were compatible for use in IPM; or those suggested by industry to be implicated in the failure of O. armatus to establish in sweet pepper.
Srivastava M, Bosco L, Funderburk J, Olson S and Weiss A, Spinetoram is compatible with the key natural enemy of Frankliniella species thrips in pepper.
The 28 avirulent isolates of F. oxysporum were incompatible with VCG 1 and VCG 2.
Based on vegetative compatibility, these two races of F. oxysporum f. sp.
SI, Heterokaryon self-incompatible.
California strains were vegetatively compatible with race 1 of FOL.
Hence, PLA grade having carboxyl terminal groups is more compatible with PEGM as compared to the PLA grade having hydroxyl and ester terminal groups.
The study also shows that the PLA chains having carboxylic acid terminal groups are most probably undergo a chemical reaction with an epoxidized group of PEGM and hence are more compatible with PEGM.
Hence, the PLA grade having carboxyl terminal groups is more compatible with PEGM as compared to the PLA grade having hydroxyl terminal groups.
temperature, onset and the The second test case to be discussed is one of known but small incompatibility: RDX (1,3,5-Triazine, hexahydro-1,3,5-trinitro-) with a gas generating fuel.
(PCL) Poly(e-caprolactone) to join PHBV-diols, is a biodegradable and biocompatible polymer with a low-melting temperature.
The combination of PSAN with BDNPAF and GAP was found to be responsible for this chemical incompatibility.
This confirms the incompatibility observed with PBNA.
an a-plasmid (corn 1) and a P-plasmid (corn II), are said to be compatible.
an a-plasmid and a y-plasmid (both corn I ) , or two a- plasmids, are said to be incompatible.
Tests in Þeld cages measuring time to sexual maturity, compatibility with wild ßies, and competitiveness were compared between the genetic sexing strain, Tapachula-7, and the mass-reared standard bisexual strain.
Males from the Tapachula-7 strain do not differ from the standard bisexual strain in compatibility and competitiveness with wild insects.
A collection of 70 Turkish V. dahliae isolates (68 from wilted cotton plants in 28 districts and two from watermelon plants in two districts) were tested for vegetative compatibility by observing heterokaryon formation among complementary nitrate-nonutilizing (nit) mutants.
vegetative compatibility of 70 V. dahliae isolates from Turkey was assessed using nit mutants.
This negative incompatibility may mean VCG2A and VCG2B mutants have been acting in ways so different that their virulence on cotton species may require different plant protection 166 S. Dervis and M. Bicici strategies, or they may be different VCGs.
(1998) Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae isolates from different hosts in Greece.
Thus, the system is incompatible.
It was found that there was only one glass transition temperature in the PLA/TBC blend system, but two in PLA/glycerol blend, which suggests that TBC is more compatible with PLA than glycerol.
The compatibility of PLA/TBC blend is better than that of PLA/glycerol blend.
Furose- mide is incompatible with morphine hydrochloride [20], gentamicin, metoclopramide, midazolam [21] and ciprofloxacin [22]; however, no data exists on the spe- cific combination of furosemide and dexamethasone.
However, hybrid- ization experiments between northern and southern members of Rana pipiens show a high level of incompatibility.
Crosses between R. areolata and R. berlandieri-like individuals proved only slightly more compatible.
Both are highly incompatible when crossed with R. areolata.
The slightly higher compati- bility of Rio Corona R. berlandieri females and Torreon and Lake Chapala R. ber- landieri-like males in crosses with R. areo- lata may be indicative of some degree of genetic relationship of these populations with leopard frogs of the Mexican Plateau.
Re- ciprocal crosses involving a single R. ber- landieri female from Rio Corona, Tamau- lipas, Mexico, and four R. areolata males from Tulsa, Oklahoma, indicate a slightly higher level of compatibility.
Genetic compatibility and species groups in U. S. toads (Bufo).
The compatibility of CPVC with the shell of ABS was studied by the blends of CPVC/SAN with different AN content in SAN.
Selfing-induced flower senescence was examined in Leptosiphon jepsonii, a species that varies in the timing of self-compatibility.
Leptosiphon jepsonii is transiently self-incompatible.
Mean outcrossing rates and mean number of days a flower is for LH, WR, and IC populations of self-incompatible (SI) Leptosiphon jepsonii.
Transient self- incompatibility confers delayed selfing in Leptosiphon jepsonii (Polemoniaceae).
Only one vegetative compatibility group (VCG) was found among the 47 isolates of F. oxyspo- rum f.sp.
In order to obtain MNPs with good cytocompatibility, Fe3O4 NPs were coated by some hydrophilic polymers, such as polyethylene glycol and polyvinyl alcohol [8].
Obviously, the cellular compatibility of His-NPs is better than the free NPs.
Thus, the His molecules lead to excellent cellular compatibility of NPs.
Molecular compatibility of PPE with PS has been demonstrated over the whole composition range.
Vegetative compatibility of iso- lates of V. dahliae from many geographical regions and countries such as the USA (Vallad et al., 2006), Europe (Rataj-Guranowska, 2006), and Japan (Wakatabe et al., 1997) was investigated to explain genetic variation in this important worldwide pathogen.
Genetic Vegetative compatibility of Verticillium dahliae 9 diversity and host range of Verticillium dahliae isolates from artichoke and other vegetable crops in Spain.
Vegetative compatibility among isolates of Verticillium dahliae from potato seed tubers and stems from western USA.
Classiﬁcation of isolates of Verticillium dahliae based on heterokaryon incompatibility.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae.
Vegetative compatibility in Verticillium dahliae from several European countries.
ACCEPTED MANUSCRIPT Green synthesis of silver nanoparticles using leaf extract of Acalypha hispida and its application in blood compatibility Selvakumar.
Earlier recognition of this “acid-base” interaction principle led to the development of compatible blends39 of PVC with poly- ethylene-N-vinyl-N-methylacetamide, polyethylene- N,N-dimethylacrylamide, and polyethylene-carbon mon- oxide copolymers.
To study the compatibility of CPO with EBR, two blends of EBR and CPO were prepared by solution precipitation.
The super vegetative compatibility group was found to consist of several genets with many ramets distributed throughout the habitat of T. ishikariensis biotype A in H o b i d o .
Additionally, the fertile combination S 206 + S 125 and the incompatible com- bination S207+S205 were grown on opposite sides of a cellophan membrane, with inocula of approximately 5 x lo6 plating units of each parental strain.
Additionally, there is little compatibility between trimethoxy (octyl) silane and CM-95, suggested by the average diameter of 16.5 and 26.2 nm respectively (Table 3).
Among mixtures, the compatible mixture, RS and high-methoxyl pectin, exhibited only a single Tg between the Tgs of the 2 components; whereas the incompatible mixture, RS and low-methoxy pectin, showed 2 Tgs of the individual components.
RS was partially compatible with guar gum and iiiii- and kkkkk-carrageenan.
In contrast, incompatible RS-low-methoxyl pectin and RS-locust bean gum mixtures showed 2 Tgs, corresponding to the 2 individual components.
RS was shown to be partially compatible with guar gum and with i- and k- carrageenan (i- and k-C) since each mixture exhibited a new Tg, as well as individual compo- nents Tgs.
We tested whether blue petrels, Halobaena caerulea, choose partners based on MHC compatibility.
the hypothesis that blue petrels choose MHC-compatible assumptions that MHC heterozygosity increases ﬁtness directly (or is an indicator of overall heterozygosity) and that blue petrels can evaluate the MHC genotype of potential part- ners.
We investigated the sexual compatibility and competitiveness of the sterile ﬂies when competing with wild populations from 6 representatives Mexican states: Nuevo León, Tamaulipas, Sinaloa, Nayarit, Michoacán, and Chiapas.
The present study analyzed the sexual com- petitiveness and compatibility of sterile insects from the Moscafrut mass-rearing facility with wild populations of A. ludens coming from differ- ent regions from México.
The ISI demonstrated good sexual compatibility between the wild populations and the mass- reared strain, indicating that the sterile individu- als mate satisfactorily with the wild populations from the 6 states.
Mating incompatibility among populations of the South American fruit ﬂy Anastrepha fraterculus (Diptera: Tephritidae).
Usinq this method, clenbuterol was found to be compatible with talc, stearic acid, maqnesium steara- te and titanium dioxide, whereas an incompatibility was shown with maize starch, preqelAtinized stn:-ch, sodium starch glicollate, polyvinylpyrrolidone, avi- cel PH 1 0 1 and lactose.
Clenbuterol was found to be compatible with talc, stearic acid, magnesium stearate and titanium dioxide.
In practice, some ﬁrms such as Xiaomi, Samsung and Amazon produce accessory products which are not only compatible with their rivals' leading products, but also provide higher cross-compatibility value (i.e., λi N 1).
cepae from onion in Turkey based on vegetative compatibility and rDNA RFLP analysis.
asparagi into vegetatively compatible groups.
cubense vege- tative compatibility groups.
melonis vegetative compatibility groups and their relatedness to other F. oxysporum formae speciales.
Graft compatibility was analyzed based on the growth and yield of the pomato plants.
Overall, it was concluded that Cardinal (P2) and Asterix (P3) potato were the most compatible for grafting with BARI tomato-11 (T2) at the scion age of 25 days (S1), based on vegetative growth and fruit and tuber yield of pomato plants.
Grafting compatibility was evaluated by the analysis of fruit setting and tuber production of the pomato plant.
Grafting compatibility was evaluated by the analysis of fruit setting and tuber production of the pomato plant.
Vegetative Inter-species compatibility between V. nigrescens, V. tricorpus and V. dahliae was tested in pairings between complementary nit mutant testers of diﬀerent species.
Using vegetative compatibility as a criterion, genetic diversity in the strongly pathogenic species V. albo-atrum and V. dahliae was found to be low.
This study suggests that vegetative compatibility has the potential of being used to determine whether pathogenic, saprotrophic, and antagonistic isolates of V. nigrescens and V. tricorpus belong to distinct sub-populations within these species.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticillium dahliae from ornamental woody plants.
Vegetative compatibility groupings in a local population of Fusarium oxysporum.
Reassessment of vegetative compatibility VCG in Verticillium nigrescens and V. tricorpus 76 relationships among strains of Verticillium dahliae using nitrate-nonutilizing mutants.
Vegetative compatibility in populations of Fusarium oxysporum from wild carnation.
Vegetative compatibility among populations of Verticillium dahliae, V. tricorpus and V. nigrescens in Israel.
Vegetative compatibility among isolates of Verticillium dahliae from potato seed tubers and stems from the western USA.
Classiﬁcation of strains of Fusarium oxysporum on the basis of vegetative compatibility.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae.
Two of the 10 males were not compatible with any of three partners, suggesting that at least 20% of longtailed macaque males cannot be pair-housed with other males.
The results indicate that all four species of predatory mite showed good survival following direct exposure to pymetrozine (Chess), and N. cucumeris, T. montdorensis and A. swirskii were compatible with the use of thiacloprid (Calypso).
incentive to compatibility, the two networks remain incompatible.
The shuttle vec tor pHS15 revealed to be compatible with each of the broad-host-range plasmids assayed.
In this work, a comparative study on plasmid host-range, stability, and compatibility in moderate halophiles, including V. costi cola, have been done by using the shuttle vector pHS15 and broad-host-range plasmids of Gram-negative bacte ria belonging to the incompatibility groups IncP, IncQ, IncW, and IncN.
Host-range, among moderate halophiles, of plasmids belonging to the incompatibility groups IncP, IncQ, IncW, and IncN, as well as of pHS15, a shuttle vector based on an endogenous cryptic plasmid of H. elongata ATCC 33174'.
Firstly, conjugation be tween E. coli and a wide range of moderate halophiles has been standarized and used to test the host range, sta bility, and compatibility of the shuttle vector pHS15 and Genetic transfer in moderate halophiles 179 of a number of broad-host-range plasmids of Gram-neg ative bacteria.
Attention is drawn to a contradiction associated with assessments of the compatibility of medicinal (MS) and excipient (ES) substances: that ES and MS able to react with each other chemically are regarded as incompati- ble, yet at the same time, the compositions of several original medicines include ES and MS which are able to undergo chemical interactions.
mixtures with ES known to have potential incompatibil- ity at ratios corresponding to those planned for use in the MF.
Samples of suspensions of binary ES-MS mixtures tially incompatible.
Reducing sugars are therefore known to be potentially incompatible with MS containing primary or secondary amine groups.
The study evaluated the graft compatibility for combinations of european Abbè Fetel, Rocha and Williams pear cultivars grafted onto the EMC quince rootstock.
The Rocha/EMC and Abbè Fetel/EMC are considered partially incompatible combinations and showed good development eight years after planting.
The “translocated” incompatibility was evaluated based on the average chlorophyll content (SPAD index) using a portable chlorophyll meter (SPAD-502), with whole and healthy leaves from the plant.
(2012), showed a certain level of incompatibility among european Packham´s Triumph and Carrick pear cultivars and quince rootstock, which caused a productivity reduction.
The Rocha/EMC and Abbè Fetel/EMC combinations are considered to be partially incompatible.
Genetic variation among vegetative compatibility groups of Fusarium oxysporum f. sp.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Australian populations of Fusarium oxysporum f. sp.
cubense vegetative compatibility groups.
Neutral is considered compatible with both the fast and slow categories, while ﬂip-ﬂops that belong to the fast and slow categories are incompatible.
In contrast, blends of PEOP and polytmethyl methacrylate) (PMMA), which has a similar chemical structure to that of PVAc are predicted to be incompatible, in agreement with experimental evidence.
Poly(ethy1ene-ortho-phthalate), which meets the stated conditions, was tested and found to effectively plasticize PVAc, forming a compatible poly- mer system, whose detailed study is presented here.
Thus, from this observation, the PEOP-PVAc system can be con- sidered as fully compatible, in principle.
Thus, studies carried out separately on mixtures of PEOP with poly(methy1 metacrylate) show that, at most, these two polymers are semicompatible.
CONCLUSIONS Poly(ethy1ene ortho-phthalate) and poly(viny1 acetate) form compatible blends in the whole composition range, as seen from thermal analysis re- sults, which indicate that there is a single and composition-dependent glass transition temperature for the system when using two different molecular weight levels of PEOP.
Nitrocellulose is compatible with nitroglycerine but it is not compatible with transformer oil.
For instance, polymethylmetacrylate and polyvinylchloride are not compatible with water and hydrocarbon oils but they are compatible with some diester plasticizers (sebacates, phtha- lates).
Tg of PS/BR, PS/SBS, and BR/SBS Polyblends It is well known that incompatibility exists for blends of PS and BR, and two Tg‘s were observed.
However, hybrid ization experiments between northern and southern members of Rana pipiens show a high level of incompatibility.
Crosses between R. areolata and R. berlandieri-like individuals proved only slightly more compatible.
Both are highly incompatible when crossed with R. areolata, However, all crosses involving R. berlandieri-like males exhibit a syndrome different from that ex hibited by hybrids between R. areolata and R. berlandieri: In addition, a higher percentage of R. areolata X R. berlandieri like hybrids develop normally to stage 25. to occupy the lowlands east of the Sierra Madre Oriental, from Texas south to at least Ciudad Vic toria.
The slightly higher compati bility of Rio Corona R. berlandieri females and Torreon and Lake Chapala R. ber landieri-like males in crosses with R. areo lata may be indicative of some degree of genetic relationship of these populations with leopard frogs of the Mexican Plateau.
Re ciprocal crosses involving a single R. ber landieri female from Rio Corona, Tamau lipas, Mexico, and four R. areolasa males from Tulsa, Oklahoma, indicate a slightly higher level of compatibility.
Genetic compatibility and species groups in U. S. toads (Bufo).
It is revealed that Mg(TFSI)2 compatibility with Mo6S8, which shows the general adaptation −PE.
Finally, the selected ultrathin HTO/rGO cathode with a ﬁrm layered structure essentially shows a stable Mg2+ storage property; in the meantime, it also delivers a good compatibility with −PE.
Many studies have evaluated the compatibility of B. bassiana with predators.
YCrO3 is unstable in TGOs with moderate chromia contents and compatible with very chromia-rich scales only.
Cr-YAG is incompatible with pure alumina.
We have recently described an allele of the S locus of Lyco- persicon peruvianum that caused this normally self-incompat- ible plant to become self-compatible.
The two accessions differ in that LA2163 is self-incompatible, as are all other available accessions of L. peruvianum, whereas LA2157 is self-fertile.
It was found that PTET-60 is compatible with CA when the weight fraction of PTET-60 in PTET-60/CA blends (WPTET-60) is lower than 0.35 and more than 0.5.
PTET-60/CA blends are compatible except for WPTET-60 from 0.35 to 0.5.
Thus A and A’ are compatible.
for EDAs, the compatibility was comparably high at both temperatures.
 From the CDA group, 15.5% ferric sulfate proved most compatible with evaluated PVS at both temperatures.
From the EDA group, 0.01% HCl-epinephrine revealed the highest compatibility, while 0.1% HCl-epinephrine was least com- patible at both temperatures.
Tank-mix compatibility of the entomopathogenic nematodes, Heterorhabditis bacteriophora and Steinernema carpocapsae, with selected chemical pesticides used in turfgrass.
The compatibility of the entomopa- thogenic nematode, Steinernema feltiae, and chemical insecticides for the control of the South American leafminer, Liriomyza huidobrensis.
Avaliaça˜o da compatibilidade de produtos ﬁtossanita´ rios com nemato´ ides entomopatogeˆnicos (Rhabditida: Steinernematidae, Heterorhabditidae) utilizando o protocolo modiﬁcado da IOBC/WPRS.
Pollen tube growth experiments indicate that self-incompatibility is governed by a homomorphic, gametophytic mechanism typical of Scrophulariaceae and Solanaceae.
I have investigated self-incompatibility and crossing relationships in two outcrossing and one self-pollinating species of Triphysaria.
An F2 population gener- ated by self-pollinating T. 6ersicolor(cid:29)T. pusilla hybrids segregated for self-incompatibility as well as other morphological phenotypes that distin- guish the autogamous and allogamous species.
Gametophytic self-incompatibility in T. 6ersicolor To investigate sexual compatibility in the obli- gate outcrossing species T. 6ersicolor, 13 T. 6ersi- color plants were collected from a single ﬁeld site and grown in the greenhouse together with their natural hosts.
The intraspeciﬁc F1 hybrids were self-incompatible.
All 45 of the F1s were self-compatible and yielded an average of about 10 seeds per capsule when manually self-polli- nated.
Morphology and compatibility phenotypes in the F2 generation F2 seeds produced by self-pollination of the T. 6ersicolor(cid:29)T. pusilla hybrids were germinated in vitro and the seedlings transferred to soil, where they were grown in the absence of hosts.
Hybridizations between the self-compatible T. pusilla and self-incompatible T. 6ersicolor were successful and resulted in seed numbers similar to that obtained in intraspeciﬁc crosses.
This is somewhat exceptional since, in Solanaceae and Antirrhinum, SC is typi- cally recessive and interspeciﬁc hybridizations be- tween SC and SI species generally produce self-incompatible F1s (McGuire and Rick, 1954; Harrison and Darby, 1955; Martin, 1967).
Self-incompatibility in spe- cies of Lycopersicon sect Eriopersicon and hybrids with L. esculentum.
The results proved the excellence of the compatibility of EK and ZJ.
First, the volume fraction of the dispersed phase of the i-PP blended with EPR(B), here- inafter referred to as EPR(B)/i-PP, is much lower than that of the i-PP blended with SEBS (SEBS/i-PP) because of the high compatibility between EPR and i-PP.
The effect of the annealing of EPR(B)/i-PP is higher than that of SEBS/i-PP because of the high compatibility between EPR and i-PP.
For example, the matrix polymer and the elastomer, such as poly (butylene terephthalate) and any type of elas- tomer [5], poly (acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene) and poly- carbonate [19], poly (vinyl chloride) and silicone-acrylic modiﬁer [24, 25], polyphenylenesulﬁde and SEBS [27], are incompatible.
It was found that both elastomers dissolved in the matrix i-PP and that the compatibility of EPR(B) to i-PP is higher than that of SEBS.
It was found that EPR(B) and i-PP are compatible in the molten state from observation of Fig.
5; SEBS and i-PP are partially compatible because the volume fraction of the dispersed phase is lower than the added amount, as shown in Fig.
The high compatibility of EPR(B) to i-PP, in comparison with SEBS, as shown in Table 2, results in these phenomena.
It was conﬁrmed that the volume fraction of the dispersed phase of EPR(B)/i-PP is much lower than that of SEBS/i-PP due to the high compatibility of EPR to i-PP.
PPC exhibits excellent compatibility with lithium salts and has good inter- facial contact with electrodes, which is a promising material for polymer electrolyte.
Thus, the linear system A0AX D A0B is compatible.
is compatible.
Thus, both the Sb- and the St-haplotypes may be responsible for self-compatibility.
Although most commercial cultivars of Japanese plum are self-incompatible, there are some self-compatible cultivars, which have a horticultural advantage because no cross-pollinator is required.
These results confirmed that ‘Karari’ is self-compatible, as is ‘Santa Rosa’.
Analysis of S-RNase genes in self-compatible cultivars of Japanese plum, ‘Methley’, ‘Karari’ and ‘Kosyu’.
Se-haplotypes confers self-compatibility in Japanese plum (Prunus salicina Lindl.).
Identification and cDNA cloning for S-RNases in self-incompatible Japanese plum (Prunus salicina Lindl.
toluene and hexane) while PDMS is more compatible with polar liquids (i.e.
In 2010, Soares-Sobrinho4 conducted a compatibility study during a tablet preformulation study and compared with the commercially available tablet, but he did not assess the formation of photodegradation products.
It indicated that the blend systems of PES/PSf were compatible in the range of the mass ratios.
In consequence, PES/PSf blend system is a partially compatible system.
In other words, PES/PSf system is partially compatible and the miscibility is dependent on the concentration of PSf in the blend.
Conclusion Dextran and MAc±VA copolymer are compatible at a 95±85 wt.
In addition, 18 isolates of S. homoeocarpa repre- senting 10 vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs) were used to ino- culate 12 bentgrass cultivars.
Vegetative compatibility groups among Sclerotinia homoeocarpa from leaves of Paspalum notatum.
Hand-pollination experiments revealed that five species were self-incompatible and four were self-compatible.
Self-incompatibility is common throughout the family, reported in at least eight of the 18 genera (Grant and Grant 1965).
Species closely re lated to L. parvijlorus within section Leptosiphon have been found to be self-compatible and highly selfing.
For the remaining species, self-incompatibility was tested on plants raised in the greenhouse from field-collected seeds.
These species were determined to be self incompatible.
For example, L. nudatus, a self-incompatible species, has very short corolla tubes relative to other self-incompat ible species.
The striking morphological similarity of three genetically distinct selfing lineages, representing at least two independent origins of self-compatibility, has resulted in their recognition as a single species, L. bicolor.
Hence the CPE3 is more compatible than H48, which is more compatible than H40.
Conclusions Various chlorinated polyethylenes and ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymers have been found to be compatible at all compositions a t room temperature.
Conclusion We have shown that the compatibility of ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymers with chlorinated polyethylenes can be understood because low molecular weight analogues have negative heats of mixing.
This further demonstrates 1045 cm that the compatibility between GNPs and PBS was enhanced by the hydrogen bonding, and that the Gibbs free energy of the blend system was effectively reduced.
Cefoxitin sodium was chemically and visually compatible with amikacin sulfate, gentamicin sulfate, kanamycin sulfate and tobramycin sulfate when admixed in 200 ml of 0.9% sodium chloride or 5% dextrose in water.
In 1984, he joined the Brazilian telecommuni- cation operator (Telebr´as), where he worked with electrical protection, electromagnetic compatibility, and safety.
In the compatible confrontations, it was possible to observe the overlapping of hyphae in even part of the colonies.
Analysia of mycelial compatibility and pathogenicity of Sclerotium isolates from oilseed crops in Canada, China, USA and England.
This demonstrated that commercial lead azides con- taining organic additives were an additional source of incompatibility.
Crossing between Orychophragmus violaceus, Des- curainia sophia (as female) and Q3 (as male) expressed high cross-incompatibility.
Therefore, there was a high level of cross-incompatibility between Q3 and O. violaceus or between Q3 and D. sophia.
The inter-genera hybridization between rapeseed and wild plants often shows cross-incompatibility.
Therefore, it could be assumed that the ITR and sodium cholate are compatible.
are diverse, encompassing modified bifac- torial and unifactorial species, as well as species with compatibility controlled at one locus with two alleles.
Pairing incompatibility and other distinctions among Hirschioporus (Polyporus) abietinus, H. fuscoviolaceus and H. laracinus.
Polybutadiene and poly ( butadiene- co-acryloni- trile ) should be conditionally compatible, at least when nitrile content is 10w.
In the present system, the convex curvature again indicates incompatibility in all compositions of BR and NBR.
The higher inter- action energy of the blend shows incompatibility of polybutadiene/ NBR blend systems; however, the 1.
common across the DISCUSSION This work has shown that the cashew pistil has a relatively short period of receptivity to pollen, that pollen tube growth is rapid, and that there is a reduction in yield following self, as compared with cross, pollination which is not due to pollen-pistil incompatibility.
After genetic transformation into Westar (self-compatible), seven homozygous mutant plants were isolated in the T0 generation.
After self-pollination, the number of seeds per silique was significantly reduced in the bna5.zml1 mutants of the T0 generation, by as much as 80% compared to fully compatible seed set.
Pollen of Crawley Beauty and Stoke Red, a cross-compatible diploid, was prepared during the two days prior to application.
It is proposed that components distribution of a base asphalt that has optimal good compatibility with SBS is CI of about 0.3, content of light components more than 55 wt%, and ratio of saturates to aromatics between 0.42 and 0.55.
But SBS has different proper- ties from asphalt, such as density, molecular weight, etc., that result in poor compatibility between SBS and asphalt, causing an unstable asphalt-SBS system.
As a result, compatibility has a direct relationship with a variety of performances of modiﬁed asphalt, such as hypothermia ﬂexibility, high heat resistance, endurance resistance, etc.
Isolation of SBS-modiﬁed bitumen mainly results from 2.3.1. density differences and incompatibility between SBS and bitumen.
Asphalts b, d, e, and f, whose ratios of saturates to aromatics are very different, also have very different compatibility with SBS, so it is thought that the ratio of saturates to aromatics has a great inﬂuence on compatibility between SBS and base asphalt.
There is no DAMA region at 5 GeV without channeling that is compatible within the 3σ level.
tures is due to incompatibility between both ad- mixed drugs rather than to an incompatibility with morphine hydrochloride.
At the same time, the compatibility status of invasive and weedy plants often seems to vary in more complex ways.
We instead detected variation in the average degree of self incompatibility or self compatibility among populations of the same species within the native range (E. plantagineum, C. solstitialis) and within the invasive range (E. plan- tagineum, S. elaeagnifolium), as well as between native and invasive or weedy populations of the same species (all species).
Variation of self-incompatibility within invasive populations of purple loosestrife (Lythrum salicaria L.) from Eastern North America.
Increase in mate availability without loss of self- incompatibility in the invasive species Senecio inaequidens (Asteraceae).
Materials and methods Hybridisation studies Seventeen accessions were used to study the genetic compatibility of three different groups of V. vexillata accessions, comprising four accessions of a cultivated type from each of two regions in Bali, one accession of var.
macrosperma and the wild accessions from Africa, Australia and Indonesia comprise a genetically compatible group.
macrosperma with the wild accessions, and the incompatibility of both with the cultivated Bali accessions.
The lack of strong genetic compatibility between the cultivated Bali accessions and var.
Dynamic mechanical and DTA measurements showed them to be compatible at room temperature.
The compatibility was confirmed by DTA.
In each case for a given CPE, the EVA45 has a higher LCST and hence is more compatible.
Hence the CPE3 is more compatible than H48, which is more compatible than H40.
Conclusions Various chlorinated polyethylenes and ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymers have been found to be compatible at all compositions a t room temperature.
Pure TAC drug substance was used as a control sam- ple and was exposed to the same stress conditions as compatibility mixtures.
In addition, compatibility mixture with stearic acid was prepared by mixing TAC dissolved in ethanol (60 mg/ml) with 30 mg of stearic acid and removing ethanol by drying under vacuum at temperature of 40 ◦C.
Synergism of miscibility, natural bio-compati- bility, and biodegradability in these blends by introducing naturally biodegradable macromolecules such as TA may offer greater potential in intended applications.
The incompatible mixtures were: Amobarbital, sodium in Travert 10% in Electrolyte No.
2 Furosemide in 10% Levugen These incompatible mixtures were produced with relatively high concentrations of the drugs involved.
Compatibility of NR–EPDM can be enhanced by the addition of compatibilizers, such as polybutadiene (BR), chlorinated rubber, chloro-sulfonated polyethylene (SPE), polyvinyl chloride (PVC), and graft copolymerization of EPDM with metallic anhydride [EPDM-g-MAH].
This behavior refers to the poor interfacial adhesion between NR and EPDM phases, in other words NR and EPDM form incompatible blends.
The addition of different compatibilizers to NR–EPDM blend greatly enhances their compatibility and greatly improves the rheological, physical, and dielectric properties of rubber.
The SEM confirms that the compatibilization of the two investigated rubber blends was achieved when EPDM-g-MAH compatibilizers were used in different concentrations.
Indeed, graft in- compatibility between pear and quince at el- evated temperatures correlates positively with the production of prunasin (a cyanogenic gly- coside) in the quince stock.
A struc- tural study of an incompatible heterograft between Sedum telephoides (Crassulaceae) and Solanum pen- nellEi (Solancaceae).
A. aphthosa is self-compatible but pollinator-dependent.
2009), our main hypothesis stated that this species is myophilous and self- incompatible.
Breeding system In the studied population, the plants of A. aphthosa were completely self-compatible.
In addition, vegetative compatibility has been demonstrated to be another source of variability in FSSC.
Genetic diversity of the entomopathogen Verticillium lecanii on the basis of vegetative compatibility.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Fusarium oxysporum f. sp cepae from onion in Colorado.
Phylogenetic tree and vegetative compatibility groups (VCG) inferred from FSSC isolates from soil (S) and strawberry plants (P) from strawberry nurseries at the north-central region of Spain.
Phylogenetic tree and vegetative compatibility groups (VCG) inferred from 708 FSSC isolates from soil (S) and strawberry plants (P) from strawberry fruit production 709 fields from the southwestern region of Spain.
Phylogenetic tree and vegetative compatibility groups (VCG) inferred from FSSC isolates from soil (S) and strawberry plants (P) from strawberry nurseries at the north-central region of Spain.
Phylogenetic tree and vegetative compatibility groups (VCG) inferred from FSSC isolates from soil (S) and strawberry plants (P) from strawberry fruit production fields from the southwestern region of Spain.
The compatibility between seed treatment with fungicides in single or mixed applications (including Benomyl, Captan, Carbendazin, Carboxin, Difenoconazole, Thiabendazole, Thiram, Tolylfluanid) and bradyrhizobial inoculants was examined in laboratory, greenhouse and field experiments during five crop seasons in Brazil.
Both grids are strongly compatible.
The Kuhn-grid is able to recover the strong compatibility.
These results reveal a general compatibility of M. brunneum with the most common herbicides applied to the soil of olive orchards, but a mixture of the fungus in the atomizer tank for simultaneous treatment beneath the tree canopy is recom- mended for all active ingredients except glyphosate.
In vivo compatibility of M. brunneum with herbicides In vivo experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of the six formulations on the pathogenicity of the fungus M. brunneum in soil.
Conclusion: NaGP and calcium gluconate have signiﬁcantly good compatibility in PN solution.
Compared to inorganic salts, organic calcium and phosphate have higher compatibility and lower propensity to precipitate.12e15 Organic calcium salts such as calcium gluconate have been widely used in neonatal PN, whereas organic phosphate such as sodium glycer- ophosphate (NaGP) or sodium glucose-1- phosphate is still not available in many countries.
Higher concentrations of amino acid lead to more acidic solution, which allows higher calcium phos- phate compatibility.
The authors believe that the introduction and generalization on the use of social networks in Spain (at the present time leaded by Facebook and the local network Tuenti) may contribute to create a digital culture in which eB2C barriers will lower due to an increase of perceived compatibility.
After dilution, tropi- setron can be administered equally well in glass bottles, poly(viny1 chloride) bags, or Ecoflac poly- ethylene containers; all these materials are highly compatible with the drug.
Conclusions Azotobacter A01, Bacillus B01 and Bacillus B16 are compatible with one to another as BCA of fusarium wilt.
DUV18 had good compatibility with mostresist materials because of the neutral acidity.
The ;8-blocking agente propranolol hydrochloride and metoprolol tmtrate were not studied since they are known to be pbar- macologically incompatible.
X and Y are compatible.
X and Y are non-compatible.
In general, self-incompatibility (SI) trait predominates in stone fruits (Prunus genus) in accordance with the high degree of heterozygosity showed by many of these species.
Data suggest that 5 accessions are self-incompatible (‘Aurora’, ‘Veecot’ and ‘Velázquez’) while the remaining 16 show variable fruit- setting ranging from 0.5% (‘Búlida’) to 55% (‘Ninfa’), be- ing recorded as self-compatibles (Table 2).
As a whole, self-(in)compatibility in apricot seems to rely mainly on the S and M loci.
The S-RNase-based gametophytic self-incompatibility system in Prunus exhibits distinct genetic molecular features.
A new self-compatibility haplotype in the sweet cherry ‘Kronio’ S5′ attributable to a pollen-part mutation in the SFB gene.
Alburquerque N, Egea J, Pérez-Tornero O, Burgos L. Genotyping apricot cultivars for self-(in)compatibility by means of RNases associated with S alleles.
As a proof of principle, PLSR was used to build soil- 28 bacterium compatibility models to predict the bioaugmentation success of the 29 phenanthrene-degrading Novosphingobium sp.
Combinations of dornase alfa with GernebcinÒ 80 mg were found to be incompatible because of the 0.05% sodium metabisulﬁte used in GernebcinÒ as excipient.
Fungal strains from one host genus were incompatible with seedlings from the other host genus.
DIscussION The results of laboratory inoculations of seedling populations of three grasses with strains of the host-specific fungus Atkinso- nella hypoxylon indicate that there are three distinct patterns of compatibility between host and fungus.
The complete incompatibility between the Danthonia and Stipa strains and their opposite host genus may result from genetic differences between the grass genera, among the fungal strains, or both.
We concluded that alewives and gizzard shad are trophically compatible in Smith Mountain Lake, and that the combination of these species should expand the total forage-fish resource over the production of either species alone.
According to Chinese herbal theory, the compatibility of SR and CR aims to achieve greater potency.
Omeprazole sodium was found to be compatible with microcrystalline cellulose, croscarmellose sodium, col- loidal silicon dioxide, starch 1500 , sodium starch glyco- late, magnesium stearate and sodium carbonate, since no Ò A. Veiga et al.
Among all pharmaceutical excipients used, Acryl-Eze , stearic acid and citric acid presented solid–solid incompatibility with omeprazole sodium.
The bio- fungicide AQ10 (Ampelomyces quisqualis) was compati- ble with the chemical pesticide triadimefon and the adjuvant AddQ (ShishkoV and McGrath, 2002).
The results showed a high frequency of compatibility between Danggui and other 22 herbs.
Mean RTs for the two hand conditions under the four S–R pairings (BC, both transverse and longitudinal compatible; TC, transverse compatible and longitudinal incompatible; LC, longitudinal compatible and transverse incompatible and BI, both transverse and longitudinal incompatible).
Mean EPs for the two hand conditions under different S–R pairings (BC, both transverse and longitudinal compatible; TC, transverse compatible and longitudinal incompatible; LC, longitudinal compatible and transverse incompatible and BI, both transverse and longitudinal incompatible).
PLA and its copolymers have attracted much attention as biomaterials due to their biocompatibility and degradability.
Maybe some incompatibility barriers, which are neutralized or reduced in the SI plants by the Fo pollen, are not present in the partially self-compatible clone .
Heterokaryon compatibility of unrelated strains in the Aspergillus nidulans group.
Heterokaryon incompatibility and variation in wild populations of Aspergillus nidulans.
In general, poor compatibility was ob- served in these PC-SPs couples.
We have shown that the G-SIMS method is compatible with a wide range of instrument types and conﬁgurations.
Suppose R is compatible.
SPICE-compatible.
Such inter-subspecific hybrid sterility has attracted renewed attention in recent years with the finding of wide compatibility varieties (WCVs) that produce normal fertility hybrids when crossed with both indica and japonica varieties (Ikehashi & Ara- ki 1984) .
This indicates that this variety is indeed high- ly compatible with both indica and japonica varieties .
Thus, 'Ketan Nangka' has only very low level of wide compatibility .
The results of the present study further confirm the existence of wide compatibility germplasm, which exhibits the ten- dency to produce more fertile hybrids when crossed to both indica and japonica varieties than ordinary rice varieties .
Thus, 'Dular' may be a very good source for wide compatibility in indica-japonica hybrid rice breeding programs .
Synthoil and H-Coal were incompatible wih No.
Synthoil was compatible with clarified slurry oil (heavy product from catalytic cracking unit); H-Coal was incompatible.
The 950 O F - fractions of Synthoil and H-Coal were completely compatible with the petroleum fuels.
6 fuel oil, and heavy coker gas oil; Synthoil is compatible with FCC clarified slurry oil; whereas H-Coal is not.
Based on experience with petro- leum residua, it was thought that the compatibility of Synthoil and H-Coal would be markedly improved by removal of the asphaltenes.
Thus, the incompatibilities of SRC, Synthoil, and H-Coal in No.
On the other hand, low concentrations of Synthoil blended with heavy coker gas oil showed significant incompatibility.
In the ETM group, the MRI compatibility of the materials can be ranked in a sequence of Zr-20Nb, pure tantalum, (TiZrNb- Ta)90Mo10 and Nb-60Ta-2Zr.
EBA copo- lymer is highly compatible with pentaerythritol rosin ester as only one relaxation is found.
Finally, the usefulness of DMTA for determining the compatibility of binary and ternary blends of EBA has been shown.
G25 is scll- incompatible).
Vegetative compati- bility and self-incompatibility within Fusarium oxy- sporum f.sp.
Thus A and S are weakly compatible but not compatible.
However, the chemical compati- bility between the YSZ and doped ceria depends strongly on the sintering temperature and atmosphere.
However this type of siloxane constituent (PDMS macromer) is compatible with only a limited number of hydrophilic mono- mers.
It will be shown that CA and HPC are not compatible in both isotropic and anisotropic solutions, giving rise to situations involving three coexisting phases which have not yet been theoretically predicted.
Incompatibility in the isotropic state was observed for systems such as poly(hexy1 isocyanate)/poly(y-benzyl L-glutamate) (PrBLG)/dichloromethane, PyBLG/poly(L-glutamic acid)/dimethylformamide, and HPC/CA with DS z 1/ DMAc.
In an attempt to validate the proposed parMRC incompatibility groups, genetically marked C. perfringens plasmids encoding identical parMRCC or parMRCD homologues or diﬀerent combinations of parMRCA, parMRCC and parMRCD family homologues were introduced into a single strain via conjugation.
These plasmids stably coexist despite the conventional relationship between shared replication mechanisms and plasmid incompatibility.
This result suggested that the partition systems of the CTc and DCm plasmids may be more similar than that of the ACm + CTc or AEm + DCm combinations, potentially leading to the minor incompatibility pheno- type.
By contrast, when plasmids share both similar replicon and parMRC partitioning system (CTc + CCm or DEm + DCm), strong incompatibility is observed.
Lignin, including many polar functional groups, has bad compatibility with non-polar PE.
The compatibility of the lignin/LDPE composites has been improved through filling the HDPE-g-MAH.
This was attributed that the compatibility of lignin/LDPE composites have been improved when filling with HDPE-g-MAH.
By the analysis of the cross-compatibility of wild species with adzuki bean and rice bean, it may be possible to widen the genetic base of culti- gens.
We test the effect of parental investment by males and females in the color polymorphic Gouldian ﬁnch (Erythrura gouldiae), a species with mutual mate choice and high ﬁtness costs when breeding with incompatible partners.
The objective of this study was to determine the compatibility of 10% sodi­ um benzoate plus 10% so­ dium phenylacetate with various amounts of com­ mon fruit juices and sodas.
Our results do suggest that H. bihai is self-compatible.
However, plants vary in their degree of compatibility from full to partial self-compatibility.
A recent study on the repro- ductive ecology of H. acuminata in South America reported this species as self- incompatible and thus SC may not be gen- eralized within this family (Bruna, et al.
DISCUSSION Our results show that H. bihai is self- compatible but that plants may vary in their degree of compatibility from full to partial self-compatibility.
The PLA films with 0.5 wt % ACNC-40 °C proved to have the most dispersion and compatibility compared with the plain PLA.
In order to enhance the compatibility between NR and SI, KH560 was used as the coupling agent to modify the phenolic resin.
In 1984, he joined the nationwide Brazilian telecommunication operator (Telebr´as), where he was in charge of developing the operator’s standards and laboratories on electrical protection, electromagnetic compatibility (EMC), and safety.
629 (2) PEG is compatible with medium and large channels.
The study performed on the other blends showed that EuRL and EuRS could be considered compatible with EuE; EuNE was incompatible with both EuL and EuE, EuL and EuS were incompatible between them.
EuRL and EuRS could be considered compatible even if the weight ratio seems to inﬂuence the behavior of the two copoly- mers.
Finally, the copolymers EuL and EuS could be considered incompatible.
Clone HA 17 proved incompatible with ZE 28.
morphic series in Erysiphe cichoracearum which control the compatibility of single conidial clones isolated from different host plants and host speci ficity.
Long-time dynamic compatibility of two ethylene-propylene elastomers with hydrazine.
In Region 3, this band was allocated to a multiplicity of unrelated and potentially incompatible serv- ices: amateur, fixed, mobile, radio-navigation, and radioloca- tion.
Self-incompatibility is one of the choke points in breeding and hazelnut production.
In 2001, Erdoğan and Mehlenbacher reported their study of the incompatibility in wild Corylus species using fluorescence microscopy.
Self-pollination of the Corylus avellana L. cultivars in 1988 and 1990 by Mehlenbacher and 400 of the (1991) revealed existence Erdoğan partial self-compatibility in ‘Tombul’ and ‘Montebello’.
In their 2001 study on wild species, Erdoğan and Mehlenbacher reported that under the fluorescence microscopy, one of four C. californica selections (Tombul) and two of three C. colurna selections (X11 and X13) were observed to be compatible on its own stigma.
In addition, some investigations have been conducted to over- come self-incompatibility in many other species but as yet ha- zelnuts have not been probed from this angle.
Overcoming incompatibility in Brassica campestris L. by carbon dioxide and dark fixation of the gas by self- and cross-pollinated pistils.
Partial self-compatibility in ‘Tombul’ and ‘Montebello’ hazelnuts.
Overcoming self-incompatibility through the use of lectins and sugars in Petunia and Eruca.
Incompatibility alleles in Corylus avellana cultivars.
Thermal compatibility between hydroquinone and retinoic acid in phar- maceutical Calorim.
Risperidone–Solid-state compatibility using thermal Thermoch Acta.
As a TRIAC dimmable lighting solution, the usage of the incandescent lamp becomes globally restricted for energy saving and the fluorescent lamp is faced with technical bottle necks in dimmer compatibility [2-3].
In brief, FA proved the incompatibility of theophylline mixtures with arabic gum, glucose, sorbitol and sucrose.
Based on the FA calcu- lations, it was ultimately concluded that theophylline is incompatible with arabic gum.
The FA also ultimately conﬁrms the incompatibility of theophylline with glucose.
In conclusion, the results obtained from FA analysis of the DSC data successfully revealed the compatibility in theophylline mixtures with cellulose and glicocol.
Our results indicate that the pH1N1 and a wild-type avian H9N2 are compatible for reassortment and capable of creating viruses with the ability to infect and transmit via respiratory con- tact in ferrets.
Based on results, we conclude that PCL and PMMA-co-BMA form compatible blends owing to specific interactions between carbonyl groups of PMMA-co- BMA and hydrogens present in the polymeric chain of PCL.
According to all the aforementioned methods, PCL and PMMA-co-BMA give rise to compatible blends.
Based on the spectroscopic analysis, the compatibility was found to be the result of specific interactions between the carbonyl group of PMMA-co-BMA and the hydrogen atoms present in the polymeric chain of PCL.
Although it is fully compatible with the popular Tris- glycine system and the more recent Tris-taurine system [13], it is not compatible with the Tris-tricine systems [14, 15].
For MAH-compatibilized PP70, it is believed that the peroxide catalyst initiates radical formation on the PP backbone by hydrogen abstraction and chain scission.
At the same time, PP is more compatible with the epoxidized linseed oil because it contains a long nonpolar hydrocarbon chain.
In the present work, DGEBF and DOPO were chosen to synthesize a phosphorous- containing epoxy resin to enhance the liquid oxygen compatibil- ity.
Methylcellulose, hydroxypropylcellulose, and betaine were found to be compatible with CC2.
Wild populations are therefore diverse and do not constitute a distinct carnation-specific vegetative-compatibility group of F. oxysporum.
Randomly chosen colonies with morphological characteristics of F. oxysporum were transferred individually to PDA plates and used to study vegetative compatibility.
Vegetative-compatibility tests with testers of F. o. dianthi Among the strains of Fusarium pathogenic to carnation, race 2 of F. o. dianthi predominates in Israel.
By this method, the ability of two isolates to anastomose and form heterokaryons indicates that they are vegetatively compatible.
Vegetative compatibility groupings in a local population of Fusarium oxysporum.
On MPM with increasing con- centrations of red food coloring, the self-self pairings resembled the incompatible interactions, with the two confronting strains failing to grow together.
The self- self interactions were reliably scored as compatible only on PDA, with or without an amendment of 75 mL/L red food coloring.
In contrast, the same self-self pairings were easily determined to be compatible on PDA, with or without red food coloring.
However, it is not yet established whether Rhizobium inoculants and water hyacinth composts are compatible options for plant growth promotion and pest suppression in beans.
[12–15] The soft segments of PU elastomers are mainly polyester or polyether, which are expected to have good compatibility with PLA be- cause PLA has been reported to be miscible with some polyes- ters and polyethers.
Apartfrom the excipients used in formulations Fbase and FHCl, wealso studied the compatibility of cysteine with xylitol, sorbitoland two gum bases, Every T Toco and Smily 2 Toco.
Vegetative compatibility (VC) has been studied in some plant-colonizing Verticillium species.
c Heterokaryon self-incompatible.
h Heterokaryon self-incompatible isolate.
Self-incompatible strains grow faster and produce more aerial mycelium.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticillium dahliae from ornamental woody plants.
Heterokaryon self- incompatibility in Gibberella fujikuroi (Fusarium moniliforme).
Vegetative compatibility of Fusarium oxysporum from sweet basil in Israel.
Vegetative compatibility grouping in Verticillium nigrescens and Verticillium tricorpus.
Vegetative compatibility among isolates of Verticillium dahliae from potato seed tubers and stems from the western USA.
Heterokaryon incompatibility in Aspergillus ﬂavus.
Vegetative compatibility among Verticillium dahliae populations of cotton-growing regions of the Middle Asia.
Classiﬁcation of isolates of Verticillium dahliae based on heterokaryon incompatibility.
Classiﬁcation of strains of Fusarium oxysporum on the basis of vegetative compatibility.
Vegetative compatibility in populations of Fusarium oxysporum from wild carnation.
 study has been made of the genetics of the self-compatibility found in L. peruvia- num .
The SI F 1-plants appeared to belong to two intra-incompatible, inter-compatible groups.
The SI plants all belonged to one intra-incompatible group  as males they were (also) incompatible with all SC F 1-plants .
Pseudo-self-compatibility and segregation of gametophytic self-incompatibility alleles in red clover, Trifolium pratense L .
Mutations of self-incompatibility alleles in Trifolium pratense and T. repens.
Incompatibility in autotetraploid Trifolium pratense .
Self-compatibility studies with tetraploid alsike clover, Trifolium hybridum L .
Self-compatibility studies with diploid alsike clover, Trifolium hybridum L .
Self-compatibility studies with diploid alsike clover, Trifolium hybridum L .
Only one instance of mating incompatibility occurred in a control cross between cassava B. tabaci from Uganda and cotton B. tabaci from India.
There was no evidence of mat- ing incompatibility amongst the ten B. tabaci colonies collected from both the pandemic and non-pandemic zones.
Reproductive compatibility of B. tabaci from CMVD pandemic and non-pandemic zones Parental crossa Female Male No.
One instance of com- plete and reciprocal incompatibility occurred between B. tabaci from NAM (cassava B. tabaci, Uganda) and BAN (cotton B. tabaci, India) (Table 1).
Reproductive compatibility, mating behaviour and random ampliﬁed polymorphic DNA variability in some Aphe- linus asychis (Hymenoptera: Aphelinidae) derived from Old World.
S. incanum, as the female parent, was fairly compatible with the eggplant, yielding F 1 hybrids that developed fruits with healthy seeds.
Evolved Cas9 variants with broad PAM compatibility and high DNA specificity.
We have also used polystyrene-b-poly(ethylene/propylene) (SEP) and polystyrene-b-poly(ethylene/propylene)-b-polystyrene (SEPS) to improve the physical compatibilization of R-PP/R-HIPS blends in previous studies, which exhibited a significant improvement.
The mechanisms were explored to illustrate the compatibility role of SEPS-g-GMA in the recycled PP and HIPS.
3 shows the changes of infrared spectrum characteristic peaks of SEPS-g-GMA as the compatibilizer to compatibilize the R-PP/R-HIPS blends.
The results of FT-IR analysis show that SEPS-g-GMA reacted with the carboxyl groups in the blends to increase the molecular chains of the blends and to improve their compatibility.
Additionally, the reaction between SEPS-g-GMA and recycled plastics increased the compatibility of R-PP/R-HIPS blends, resulting in a much higher thermal stability.
The compatibility of the PEO8−LiPCSI SPE with lithium metal anode was investigated by cycling the symmetric Li/PEO8−LiPCSI/Li cell.
These results confirm the good compatibility of the PEO8−LiPCSI electrolyte with metallic lithium.
The symmetric Li/PEO8−LiPCSI/Li cell runs for 1000 h at 60 °C without any short circuit, indicating the good interfacial compatibility between metallic lithium and the PEO8−LiPCSI SPE.
Vegetative compatibility groups and protein electrophoresis indicate a role for basidiospores in spread of Inonotus tomentosus in spruce forests of British Columbia.
Vegetative compatibility groups and protein electrophoresis indicate a role for basidiospores in spread of Inonotus tomentosus in spruce forests of British Columbia.
The differences of polarity, crystallinity, melting point and molecular structure lead to poor compatibility between PA66 and PVC.
It was concluded that the two anomalous isolates of P. infestans were of the A2 compatibility type.
These results indicated that the compatibility of Cin- namomum cassia and Rhizoma Coptidis could strengthen Rhizoma Coptidis’s antihyperglycaemic effect.
Surface tensions conﬁrm the highest compatibility between PLA and PA12.
Reproductive isolation between Hediste japonica and H. diadroma The gametes of H. japonica and H. diadroma were reciprocally compatible, and hybrids between them were viable at least until 23 days after fertilization.
This result indicates that neither gamete incompatibility nor hybrid inviability appears to ensure reproductive isolation be- tween these species, though sympatric distribution of these species is not common and at present known only in the Omuta-gawa River, located at the edge of the narrow geographic range of H. japonica (Sato and Nakashima 2003).
Dika fat was found to be compatible with aspirin, ascorbic acid, paracetamol, sulphanilamide, phenylpropanolamine hydrochloride, bromopheniramine maleate, chlorpheniramire maleate, diazepam, phenobarbital, phenobarbital sodium, phenylpropanolamine hydrochloride and propranolol hydrochloride.
Each vegetative compatibility group (VCG) in Aspergillus nidulans Can.
Distribution of Aspergillus flavus isolates from the Yuma Valley Agricultural Center field (top) and from other Arizona fields (bottom) among vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs).
Diversity of vegetative compatibility groups of Cryphonectria parasitica in Connecticut and Europe.
Heterokaryon incompatibility in imperfect spe- cies of Aspergillus.
Vegetative compatibility groupings in a local population of Fusarium oxysporum.
Heterokaryon incompatibility in Aspergillusfla- vus.
Pseudo-self compatfoility (PSC) in Petunia integrifolia Michael N. Dana and Peter D. Ascher ABSTIVCT: Petunia integrifolia (P. violacea), a natu- rally occuring self incompatible (SI) species, is a putative parent of Petunia x hybrida.
Thus, compared to a sulphide melt, Os is incompatible, and the higher concentration in Fig.
The E6 strain was compatible with tebufenozide, evidencing its potential to control B. salubricola.
Sorokin in controlling B. salubricola as well as the compatibility of the more promising strain with chemical insecticides.
Compatibility between fungus and agrochemicals The most virulent fungal strain (E6) was tested for compatibility with following chemical insecticides used in apple orchards: chlorpyrifos-ethyl (Lorsban 480BR – 72 g a.i./100 L), methidathion (Supracide 400CE – 60 g a.i./100 L), tebufenozide (Mimic 240SC – 21.6 g a.i./100 L), and fenitrotion (Sumithion 500 CE – 75 g a.i./100 L).
We paired the perﬂuorinated solvent with bromochloro methane (BCM), which we found to produce a more stable suspension than CH2Cl2, as a result of the increased incompatibility with the continuous phase at the polymerisation temperature (z 50 C).
more balanced response to solvent interactions), suggesting that BLURPS-Cl has the rather unique ability to interact with solvents as diverse (and incompatible) as hexane and water.
At the same time, we introduced presynthesised compatibilisers based on blends of polypropylene with elastomers of different polarity: ternary ethylene propylene diene copolymer (EPDM) and an NBR modified by grafting of MA or MEG + DFP.
Sr dopant LaMnO3 (La1-xSrxMnO3-δ, LSM) cathode, as a pure electron conductor, has been widely investigated due to its higher electrical conductiv- ity and good chemical compatibility with YSZ electrolyte.
It suggests that SBSCCo cathode and GDC electrolyte have good chemical compatibility below 950 °C.
Under the conditions of fabricating tem- perature and working temperature of cell, SBSCCo cathode and GDC electrolyte have good chemical compatibility.
Therefore, the LM is highly compatible with stainless steel at 315 °C.
Fortunately, mitomycin C demonstrates no surface adsorption phe- nomenon and is compatible with both heparin and glucocorticosteroids.
Thus, anakinra appears to be stable and compatible with cimetidine hydrochloride or into 0.9% sodium famotidine when diluted chloride injection for 4 h at ambient room temperature and light.
Stability and compatibility of anakinra and cimetidine hydrochloride in 0.9% sodium chloride injection at 22°C and ambient light Table 2.
However, there is a disadvantage in that the CG, BSIG, and GMIG are incompatible with each other.
It is also possible for apparently incompatible forest uses to harmoniously coexist within an area.
Efﬁcacy of some chemical and biorational insecticides, namely chlorfenapyr, thiocyclam, azadirachtin and Bacillus thuringiensis (Bt), in controlling SATP and their compatibility with Elachertus inunctus, a new SATP larval ectoparasitoid, were studied under greenhouse conditions.
Among the tested insecticides, Bt was more compatible with E. innunctus release.
Among the insecticides tes- ted, Bt was more compatible with E. innunctus release.
these inhibitors are compatible with Mg*+ .
Semen from several males introduced simultaneously, or sequentially as fast as possible, mimics natural spawning in many species and therefore seems like a better fertilization method in aquaculture, from the point of view of cryptic fe- male choice and genetic incompatibility.
The two-way ANOVA model was used to test differences between BC1 and BC2, and be- tween self-compatible and self-incompatible hybrids for fruit-set.
Thus, in BC1 12 hybrids were classified as self-compatible and 14 hybrids were classified as self-incompatible.
In BC2, 13 hybrids were classified as self-compatible and 12 hybrids were classi- fied as self-incompatible.
On average, self- compatible hybrids set 27.3% of fruit.
As abundantly described in the litera- ture, self-compatible species have a higher fruit set than self-incompatible ones (Sutherland and Delph 1984; Sutherland 1986).
The current study using LO Nutrients 2018, 10, 208 5 of 7 and USP criteria for compatibility found that 12.5 mmol/L of either calcium chloride or calcium gluconate and 10 mmol/L of phosphate were compatible in parenteral nutrition solutions containing both TrophAmine and Premasol.
DISCUSSION These results have shown that films made with starch, EAA, PE, water, and ammonium hydroxide contain a compatible starch-EAA phase and a largely incompatible PE phase.
Polystyrene being an aromatic hydrocarbon polymer exhibits very limited compatibility with other polymers including PO.
Triblock copolymer polystyrene- block-poly(ethene-co-butylene)-block-polystyrene (SE- BS) and diblock copolymer polystyrene-block-poly- (ethene-co-propene) (SEP) have proved to be effective compatibilizers for these kind of immiscible blends.
Ceftazidime-avibactam at 8 mg/mL was incompatible with vancomycin at 5 mg/mL.
Ceftolozane-tazobactam 15 mg/mL was compatible with vancomycin concentrations up to 10 mg/mL.
None of the β-lactam/β-lactamase inhibitors tested were compatible with 15 or 20 mg/mL of vancomycin.
At 10 mg/mL of vancomycin, 4 of the 6 methods resulted in incompatibility with piperacillin- tazobactam 28 mg/mL.
Sodium Alginate Sodium alginate is a hydrophilic, water soluble and biocompatible polysaccharide obtained by marine brown algae.
Dobutamine and calcium chloride are compatible at 3 hrs but a precipitate may form after 20 hrs, only at high concentrations (33, 35, 47, 55).
Discussion Experiment 2 replicates the temporal R-E compatibility eﬀect observed in Experiment 1.
In this paper, we describe our attempt to exploit inter-subspeciﬁc heterosis in two-line hybrids by developing, via MAS, a japonica-type PSMS line which is highly compatible with a range of indica varieties.
To identify the compatibility of 509S, hybrid combinations were assembled involving 34 indica and japonica varieties as male parents, with line 509S as the common female parent.
In addition, it was observed that there was stronger hydrophobicity for WF- HTV after the hydroxyl groups of the cellulose and partial chemi- cal bonds of the lignin were cleaved at high temperature,37 which leading to a superior compatibility among WF-HTV, HDPE, and PA 6.
PA 6 that has a potential reaction with POE-g-MAH effectively improves the compatibility with HDPE.
NYTRO 10XN and XLPE comparison, full timescale, 100 °C for the incompatible system.
In this work we have demonstrated that XLPE and mineral oil is a incompatible combination as expected.
It was concluded that glipizide is compatible with sodium chloride.
It was concluded that glipizide is compatible with both CSD and talc.
Therefore, based on above results, it was concluded that glipizide is compatible with cellulose acetate.
Thus, it was concluded that glip- izide is compatible with HPMC.
However, after analyzing the IR spectrum, all the characteristic bands of glipizide were observed and it was concluded that glipizide is compatible with PEG-4000.
Therefore, it was concluded that both glipizide and mannitol are compatible with each other.
DSC results of glipizide and meglu- mine mixture indicated incompatibility.
of storage at stressed conditions, indicating incompatibility between glipizide and meglumine.
there is It was concluded that no chemical incompatibility between glipizide and TRIS buffer.
However, results of IST studies showed the drug con- tent to be within limits concluding that both are compatible with each other.
ing that both glipizide and PVP are compatible with each other.
Again, it is known in practice that the compatibility of PVC with DOS is low, i.e.
one of our image barrier, splitter displays has a compatibility with the 2-D display.
Conclusion Dexamethasone-diphenhydramine mixtures and dexamethasone-hydromorphone mixtures show con­ centration-dependent incompatibility.
Ciprofloxacin injection was com­ patible with gentamicin, me­ tronidazole, and tobramycin and incompatible with aminophylline and clindamycin.
In 2006 and 2007, Apple also faced inquiries from regulators in Norway, Sweden and Denmark over complaints that songs sold on iTunes were incompatible with music players other than the iPod.
Platform compatibility gives consumers the possibility of connecting with consumers using the other platform, under the presence of direct network eﬀects.
With compatibility, the networks include all new customers and the installed bases of all rms.
indicate that ETFE/PMMA blends are semi- compatible.
Because of the partial incompatibility of the shigella R factor with an Ill-type R factor (all of which produce I-type sex pili), we assayed for production of I pili using the I-specific phage, IfI.
wCer2 is known to induce strong CI in this species because males from doubly infected populations (with in- dividuals bearing two Wolbachia variants) are incompatible with females from populations bearing only wCer1 (Riegler and Stauffer 2002).
Over- all, our results suggest that wRi and wCer2 are not totally incompatible in both directions of cross.
Cytoplasmic incompatibility in Australian populations of Drosophila melan- ogaster.
Wolbachia infections and su- perinfections in cytoplasmically incompatible populations of the European cherry fruit ﬂy Rhagoletis cerasi (Diptera, Tephriti- dae).
This result confirmed that ‘Honey Rosa’ is self-compatible.
Although most commercial cultivars of Japanese plum are self-incompatible, there are some self-compatible cultivars, which have a horticultural advantage because no cross-pollinator is required.
These results confirmed that ‘Honey Rosa’ is self-compatible, as is ‘Santa Rosa’.
Analysis of S-RNase genes in self-compatible cultivars of Japanese plum, ‘Methley’, ‘Karari’ and ‘Kosyu’.
Se-haplotypes confers self-compatibility in Japanese plum (Prunus salicina Lindl.).
Identification and cDNA cloning for S-RNases in self-incompatible Japanese plum (Prunus salicina Lindl.
Green-synthesized AuNPs have emerged in recent times as a potential solution to overcome the stability and biocompatibility problems of chemically synthesized AuNPs.
This study has shown that AuNPs synthesized from CM extract are hemocompatible.
Compo- nent CA and component CB is not absolutely compatible.
Then CA and CB are relatively compatible.
POP: We utilize the “popularity” of bottom bj to measure its compatibility with top ti.
The compatible nitrogenous solutes therefore are suitable for use at high (several tenths molar) concentrations and at widely varying concentrations in osmo- conforming species.
A study was carried out to investigate compatibility of amlodipine besylate and olmesartan medoxomil with a variety of pharmaceutical excipients.
At 40°C, under 75% of relative humidity, the excipients such as corn starch, croscarmellose sodium, mag- nesium stearate, polyvinyl alcohol, talc, PVP, lactose mon- ohydrate, and PEG showed chemical incompatibility with AMLO and OLME, and because of it these excipients are not indicated for the preparation of formulations of AMLO and OLME.
To assess vegetative compatibility, nit mutants were obtained for each of the ascospore progeny by culturing them on PDA amended with 4 % potassium chlorate.
Classiﬁcation of strains of Fusarium oxysporum on the basis of vegetative compatibility.
This study examined the compatibility and stability of midazolam and dexamethasone using high performance liquid chromatography.
Fluroxypyr compatibility with fenoxaprop for smooth crabgrass and white clover control in tall fescue.
Although most broadleaf weed herbicides have been shown to antagonize fenoxaprop efficacy, fluroxypyr could be compatible in tank mixtures for controlling broadleaf weeds and multi-tiller smooth crabgrass in a single application.
This result suggests the incompatibility of the SABS-0 glass with the NiTiHf alloy.
CED, however, would also predict compatibility of the partially hydrogenated terphenyls at low e and N-ethyl- 0, p-toluenesulfonamide at high c both of which are in- compatible as the sole plasticizer at 40%.
Thus, the present in vitro study set out to investigate the sta- bility and compatibility of fosfomycin with four different commercially available PDFs under varying storage conditions.
For this purpose, SBR and poly(vinyl chloride) (PVC)16 (10 phr) were used as compatibilizing agents to enhance the compatibility of the above binary rubber blends.
This may be attributed to the compatibility of the PVC/NBR resulting from the existence of strong dipole interactions due to the polar acrylonitrile group.
CONCLUSION From the dielectric measurements, the calcula- tion of the heat of mixing and the scanning elec- tron microscopy, it was concluded that NR/SBR and NR/BR blends are compatible whereas NR/ EPDM, NR/NBR, and NR/CR blends are incom- patible.
This leads to the conclusion that the di- electric method is well suited to study the degree of compatibility, as well as the heat of mixing and Figure 14 The relationship between the heat of mixing and the weight fraction of NR after the addition of PVC.
On the other hand, the degree of compatibility of incom- patible blends was improved by the addition of SBR and PVC to these blends.
However, the nearby SRK gene, which determines stigma speciﬁcity in self-incompatible Brassicaceae species, has extremely high sequence diversity, with 3 very divergent SRK haplotypes, 2 of them present in multiple strains.
These are also present in its closest self-incompatible relatives A. halleri and A. lyrata.
This suggests that A. thaliana has been self-incompatible for at least 91.7% of the time since its split from the ancestor of A. lyrata and A. halleri.
Balancing selection and low re- combination affect diversity near the self-incompatibility loci of the plant Arabidopsis lyrata.
It is negative at low copoly- amide content indicating strong thermodynamic compatibility in the blends based on chitosan.
On the other hand DGm becomes positive at high CPA content indicating that in copolyamide-rich blends the components are incompatible.
Thus, the semicrystalline structure of copolyamide is the basic reason for thermodynamic incompatibility of CPA-rich blends with chitosan.
The second most in fact approached to incompatible species is moabi.
Iroko reaches the lowest compatibility factor 5.04% at 5% by weight wood content.
The compatibilities of the species bete, bilinga and fraké reduce rapidly as wood content increases but without attain- ing the lowest point at 5% by weight wood content.
The compatibility fac- tor reduces from 70% to 10% when soluble content increases from 1 to 8 g/100 ml.
The CNFs prepared from PAN/PAA and PAN/PEG blends, having better compatibility, show relatively smooth surfaces and cross-sections, but the CNFs prepared from PAN/PMMA and PAN/PS blends show rough appearances due to the large pores that are generated.
Evolved Cas9 variants with broad PAM compatibility and high DNA specificity.
None of these mammalian cell-compatible CRISPR nucleases, however, offer a PAM that occurs as frequently as that of SpCas9.
The results revealed that PA6 formed a partially compatible blend with PVP.
According to the B and b criteria, the PA6/PVP blends exhibit a “compatibility window” ( B and b ≥ 0) in terms of the weight fraction of PVP ranging from 10 to 40%.
The result suggests that PA6/PVP blend becomes less compatible as the amount of PVP increases.
Therefore, PA6 and PVP can only form partially compatible blend.
The results suggested that PA6/PVP blends are partially compatible.
Graphite was known to be compatible with the molten salt mixture.
Here, the compatibilizer (EMA) is grafted to the PDMS phase through the vinyl silicone of PDMS and the EMA-g-PDMS phase makes specific interactions with the TPU phase through hydrogen bonding between the acrylic component of EMA and N-H groups of TPU.
It is interesting to note that CNT particles exist in PPS phase and they are mostly distributed in the inter- face between PPS and r-PEEK, acting as an inorganic compati- bilizer to improve the compatibility of PPS/ r-PEEK blend.
As a result, r-PEEK with larger surface area interacts with PPS and improves the compatibility of two phases.
KEY WORDS Aphelinus asychis, Diuraphis noxia, reproductive compatibility, random am- plified polymorphic DNA, mating behavior, biological control tral (Ningxia) China, Kazakhstan, Pakistan), north- T HE RUSSIAN WHEAT aphid, Diuraphis noxia (Mordvilko), has become a major pest of wheat in ern Africa (Morocco), and South America (Chile) (Gonzalez et al.
To tackle this issue, various bio- compatible macromolecules have been blended with PVA.
oxygen þ nitrogen (PL-MWCNTs) in order to improve its dispersion in the nylon matrix and enhance the interfacial adhesion by increasing the compatibility.
Graft compatibility between Aurantioideae genera has historically been associated with the use of the related taxa as rootstocks for Citrus spp.
Specific combinations have been observed to be incompatible whereas others have shown either short- or long-term compatibility and survival.
They found that only Pamburus was reasonably compatible with Citrus.
S. buxifolia does seem to be compatible as a scion with a range of Citrus spp.
Rough lemon has also been used as a rootstock for S. buxifolia and seems to have similar compatibility.
to be compatible with a range of Citrus spp.
seems compatible with a range of Citrus spp.
In general, Microcitrus as a scion seems to be compatible with most Citrus spp., trifoliate, and trifoliate hybrid rootstocks.
In general, Cleopatra and Rough lemon seem to offer the largest range of compatibilities.
This implies that the terephthalate-rich phase is compatible with PBT.
Therefore the PET-POB copolymer is con- sidered to be only partially compatible with PBT.
CONCLUSION Binary blends of poly(buty1ene terephthalate) (PBT) and a liquidcrystalline copolymer, a PET modified by 60 mol % p-oxybenzoate (POB), are found to be compatible in the “flexible” low-T, phase of the copolymer, composed mainly of the terephthalate-rich component.
Vegetative compatibility groupings in a local population of Fusarium oxysporum.
At least one isolate from each of the 29 vegetative compatibility groups was tested and found to be vegetatively incompatible with the muskmelon wilt pathogen, F. oxysporum f. sp.
Vegetative compatibility groupings in a local population of Fusarium oxysporum.
Diversity within pathogenic strains of F. oxysporum has been evaluated by characterizing isolates in terms of vegetative compatibility.
The distribution of 100 isolates of Fusarium oxysporurn among 29 vegetative compatibility groups.
Each combination of nit mutants was tested for compatibility on a minimal medium with nitrate as the sole nitrogen source.
In C. parasitica, vegetative compatibility can be determined by observing cultural interactions between wild-type isolates, whereas in F. oxysporum these determinations require the use of mutant strains.
Diversity of vegetative compatibility groups of Cryphotlectrica parasitica in Connecticut and Europe.
asparagi into vegetatively compatible groups.
Thus, this study was designed to determine the compatibility and sta­ bility of cisplatin and fluorouracil in i.v.
In addition, the effect of light and drug con­ centration on the stability and compatibility of cis­ platin and fluorouracil in i.v.
Their host range is shown to include strains harboring a drug-resistance plasmid of the W compatibility group.
Of these, PRRl and Pf3 appear to be specific for the P group plasmids, but PR3 and PR4 are also able to plaque on strains carrying plasmids of the N compatibility group (6) which can also transfer intergenerically (9).
Further analysis of an intra-F2 pollination diallel and of reciprocal cross-pollinations between F2 and F1 plants reveal that this gene is additional to the SZ incompatibility system.
Self-compatibility was examined in 19 F3 families derived from single F2 plants chosen at random, each family consisting of from six to thirty individuals.
Self-incompatibility in Dactylis ascer- soniana Groebn.
Titanium and silicon amide compounds, regardless of matching ligands, do appear to be compatible.
It extracts a SPICE-compatible equivalent circuit from the Maxwell equation formulation.
Comparing the two different amine types, the rubber compounds with OCT show higher interfacial compatibility than the ones with DPG, because of an additional shielding effect promoted by the long alkyl chain that leads to more hydrophobicity.
The results suggest that the alkyl-amine promotes compatibility between the silica surface and rubber chains better than DPG.
Accordingly, the automotive Ethernet and TURBO CAN provide different types of compatibility.
Vegetative compati- bility groups within Verticillium dahliae.
Addi- tionally, the information also provides an insight into the incompati- bility-based relatedness of the species.
The study indicated that T. alexandrinum cv ‘Fahli’ was self-compati- ble where the pollen tubes in all the pollinated flowers reached up to ovule.
In Indian conditions, the crop is primarily represented by ‘Mescavi’ varieties and is reported to be self-compatible (Beri, MALAVIYA ET AL.
Because of such incompatibility among different species of the genus, the role of interspecific hybridization in the evolution of the genus appears insignificant.
Interspecific compatibility barriers, development of interspecific hybrids through embryo rescue and lineage of Trifolium alexandrinum (Egyptian clover)—important tropical forage legume.
Co.) ranked very low for IPM-compatibility based on their relatively high toxicity to all species tested.
It is known that POSS have the bioactivity and other physical properties of porous Si as a nanoscale hollow cage structure of Si.14 It has been also demonstrated that POSS have excellent biocompatibility.15-17 The POSS consisting of Si-O-Si and Si-C groups has similar chemistry silicone elastomers (poly(dimethylsiloxane),PDMS).
medi- cations is compatible.
Therefore, acetone is incompatible for use in aluminum heat pipes.
To improve the compatibility between the natural Scutellaria baicalensis Georgi extracts (SBGE) with the dyeing and antibacterial active ingredients extracted from the natural plant’s root and biodegradable material poly (butylene succinate) (PBS), isopropyl tri(dioctylpyrophosphate) titanate (NDZ-201) was used as the coupling agent to modify the SBGE so that the SBGE/PBS and SBGE+N/PBS composites could be prepared.
Each of these was incompatible with R27.
It was tested for com- patibility with plasmids of all other groups in Table 3, and was found to be incompatible with R"6 and R6'- but compatible with all others.
Three S. typhi R factors determined I pili, each belonging to a different compatibility group within the I complex: Ia, 16 and ho.
Plasmids determin- ing I pili constitute a compatibility complex.
MHC compatible .
Aims: This in vitro study was conducted to reveal possible incompatibilities between common anesthetic drugs and the acetate-containing colloid infusion solu- tions 6% hydroxyethyl starch and 4% gelatin with normal saline as control.
However, some common drugs are highly incompatible with colloid infusion solutions: gelatin (cefazolin, diazepam, midazolam, phenytoin, vancomycin), hydrox- yethyl starch (diazepam, midazolam, phenytoin, thiopental), and NaCl 0.9% (diazepam, ketamine (S), phenytoin, thiopental).
The gene composition of the S-locus in sweet cherry differs from that of other gametophytic self-incompatible species, such as apple (Malus domestica), pear (Pyrus), and petunia (Petunia).
E1 was the dominant vc type in Lugo and Ourense populations, and EU1 in Pontevedra and Leo´ n. Hypovirulent isolates (a total of 15) were only detected in the Leo´ n population, all but one being compatible with the vc type EU1.
C. parasitica is heterothallic and, although self fertilization frequently occurs in natural populations, in the laboratory is rarely self-fertile and behaves as a sexually self-incompatible fungus (Marra and Milgroom, 2001).
Diversity of vegetative compatibility groups of Cryphonectria parasitica in Connecticut and Europe.
High diversity of vegetative compatibility types in Cryphonectria parasitica in Japan and China.
Low diversity of vegetative compatibility types and mating type of Cryphonectria parasitica in the Southern Balkans.
Vegetative compatibility type diversity of Cryphonectria parasitica populations in Bosnia- Herzegovina, Spain and France.
Our results show that the gelling of BGT agarose, LGT agarose, acrylamide, TMOS and sodium silicate is completely compatible with all of the detergents present in the kit at a concentration of 1× CMC of detergent.
BGT agarose, LGT agarose, acrylamide, TMOS and sodium silicate were fully compatible with all of the detergents at 1× CMC.
and Al2O3 are sensitive, and with HTPB, CTPB, PEG, PET, N-100, 2-NDPA, C2 and j-Pb are incompatible.
The compatibility of NTO-Pb with TNAZ is poor over 230°C.
and the compatibilities of TNAZ-Al2O3 binary mixtures are poor.
The compatibil- ities of the TNAZ-HTPB, TNAZ-CTPB, TNAZ-PEG, TNAZ-PET, TNAZ-(2-NDPA), TNAZ-C2 and TNAZ-(j-Pb) mixtures are bad.
A difference of more than 5 % for energy and macronutrients and 10 % for micronutrients was considered incompatible.
This suggests that the lower solubility of the visbroken residue asphaltenes in the high saturate H-Oil unconverted vacuum residue was the reason for the oil incompatibility during the production of off-spec heavy fuel oil in the LUKOIL Neftohim Burgas reﬁnery when both the H-Oil residue hydrocracker and the visbreaker were in operation.
Tiro- fiban hydrochloride was incompatible with diazepam.
Tirofiban hydrochloride was incompatible with diazepam injection.
Carbon and nitrogen assimilates accumulate during the compatible B. graminis–barley interaction.
Of the drugs tested, doripenem 5 mg/mL in 5% dextrose injection and in 0.9% sodium chloride injection was incompatible with diazepam, potas- sium phosphates, and undiluted propofol.
Doripenem 5 mg/mL in 0.9% sodium chlo- ride injection but not in 5% dextrose injec- tion was incompatible with amphotericin B-containing drugs due to the diluent.
Doripenem was found to be compatible when combined with the other 75 drugs for at least four hours.
Even fluorocarbon, which is rated as highly compatible in most fuel types, swelled over 60% when exposed to Bio20.
The implication is that NBR can be expected to be more compatible in neat bio-oil than diesel fuel.
Silicone was unique among the elastomers in that it showed better compatibility with the bio-oil than it did with gasoline containing 17% ethanol.
PolyOne has also separately announced that the colorant line has now been formulated for compatibility with Dow’s range of HEALTH+™ polymers.
PHFA has been found by calorimetry to be compatible with bisphe- no1 A polycarbonate (BAPC), poly(buty1 methacylate) (PBMA), and poly(2,6- dimethyl- 1 ,Cphenylene oxide) (PPO).
For the PHFA-BAPC and PHFA-PPO system, compatibility judged by optical clarity can be somewhat ambiguous since the refractive indexes of PS and BAPC are 1.585 and 1.590, respectively (9).
Thus, the incompatible PS-BAPC blends gave clear films while the PHFA- PPO and PS-PPO blends also gave transparent films because PHFA and PS were compatible with PPO (6,7).
VCG tests The vegetative compatibility of native F. oxysporum iso- lates derived from soils associated with wild Gossypium and reference Fov strains were tested using the method described by Puhalla (1985).
populations of Fusarium oxysporum based on vegetative compatibility and mitochondrial DNA.
Classiﬁcation of strains of Fusarium oxysporum on the basis of vegetative compatibility.
At WNCN we usually broadcast a mono-only version of incompatible material.
Snail–trematode compatibility was accessed for a total of nine possible combinations (three snail populations, three schistosome strains), using different charges of parasite: 1, 5, 10, and 15 miracidia/snail.
The research Biomphalaria glabrata is the main intermediate host of S. mansoni in South America and its compatibility varies among diﬀerent populations and individuals.
The demonstrated metasurface is also compatible with complementary metal-oxide semiconductors (CMOSs) because poly-Si is widely used in them.
Nearly continuous variation in the success of selfing and near- cross- matings via hand pollination suggests that T. virginicum expresses pseudo- self- fertility, whereby plants carrying the same S- allele mate successfully by altering the self- incompatibility reaction.
This isolation of T. virginicum populations creates high risk of increased in- breeding, loss of genetic diversity, and loss of compatible mating types (S- alleles) via drift.
Trifolium repens and Trifolium pratense are known to exhibit breakdown in self- incompatibility due to PSF loci whose function may vary over time (Riday & Krohn, 2010; Yamada, Fukuoka, & Wakamatsu, 1989) or under high temperatures (Townsend, 1965).
Increasing population hybridity by restrict- ing self- incompatibility in red clover populations.
But the hydrophilicity of natural polysaccharides comes as a constraint to incompatibility with LDPE and further it hampers the mechanical and electrical properties of the latter [l I].
Solubility of PE, PVAc and LDPE-g-MA in xylene tempted us to prepare the blends by solution mixing process as it de- creases the possibility of noncompatibility and thermal degradation.
The rosin and EVA are not completely compatible when the concentration is above 50 wt % rosin, but they are compatible at 30 wt % rosin or less.
Above 50 wt % of rosin, it is partially compatible with EVA.
This results from the poor compatibility between the EVA and C5-C9, noted before.
C5-C9 tackiﬁer is heterogeneous, resulting in partial compatible with EVA.
They concluded that there is a better adhesion between NR and NBRr via Scanning Electron Microscope (SEM), thus improving the compatibility of NR/NBRr blend [2].
With the presence of sulphide and peptide bonds, it is believed to inhibit the solvent molecules from passing through the cross- linked structure in epoxy/VNR and epoxy/VNR/GNP compatibilized systems.
Unlike PP/lignin blends, blends of lignin with polymers composed of aromatic moieties (polystyrene (PS), polycarbonate (PC) and poly(ethylene-terephthalate) (PET)) show better compatibility and improved properties with smaller lignin domains in the ACCEPTED MANUSCRIPT terephthalate) (PBAT) and free phenolic –OH groups present in lignin which enable greater component miscibility.
[22,23] reported that poly(vinyl several biopolymers such as polyhydroxybutyrate (PHB) and poly(butylene adipate-co- compatibility of PBAT with lignin is better because the two polymers also have additional π- poly(ethylene oxide) (PEO).
the latter is better for low-k compatibility.
Although E. caproni is able to parasitize a wide range of laboratory rodent hosts, its compatibility differs considerably between rodent species.
The salts re- mained compatible for up to 30 hours at a room temperature of up to 27 °C.
The salts remained compatible for up to 30 hours at room temperature of up to 27 °C.
[16] They reported that EVOH and PVA have a good compatibility because of their similar chemical structures.
However, related to the polymers used here, both of the PP-PLA and PP-EVOH pairs are incompatible.
This means that the EVOH has the most compatibility with PLA and a slight compatibility with PP.
Moreover, the addition of compatibilizer greatly improved it for both the PP/ EVOH rich and PLA rich blends.
In BC, two technologies of different gener- ations are compatible as the new format is designed to be compatible with the old format.
Morphine sulfate and heparin so­ dium are incompatible only at mor­ phine concentrations greater than 5 mg/mL.
Conclusion Morphine sulfate and heparin sodium are in­ compatible only at morphine concentrations great­ er than 5 mg/mL.
Variation within and between populations of Fusarium oxysporum based on vegeta- tive compatibility and mitochondrial DNA.
Based on the frequency distribution of vegetative compatibility groups, populations of F. oxysporunl at the two collection sites were different.
Variation within and between populations of Fusariutn oxysporum based on vegeta- tive compatibility and mitochondrial DNA.
The number of vegetative compatibility groups associated with each of 11 different mitochondrial DNA haplotypes of Fusarium oxysporutn in two different agricultural fields in the San Joaquin Valley of California.
asparagi into vegetatively compatible groups.
Vegetative compatibility groupings in a local population of Fusarium oxysporurn.
A comparison of hetero- karyosis and vegetative incompatibility among varieties of Gibberella jitjikcrroi (Fusariurn rnoniliforrne).
In conclu- sion, both medications were considered incompatible.
Thus, these medications were determined to be incompatible.
Thus, 5-FU was determined to be incompatible with this PN.
Of the 13 combinations examined, four pairs appeared to be chemically incompatible.
This is because the successful introduction of the MAH enhances the molecular polarity of LDPE, leading to a compatibility improvement between PVDF and LDPE-g-MAH according to the principle of “like dissolves like”.
This suggests that there is a better compatibility between PVDF and LDPE than that of PVDF/PP.
Compared with the pure components, moreover, the lower Eb of the PVDF/LDPE blends could be also attributed to the internal voids produced during blending because of the poor compatibility.
I t was postulated that they are highly compatible with W C due to an inter- action between chlorine atoms of the PVC chain and tin.
The high compatibility of alkyltin thioglycolates with PVC has been explained by a specific, relatively strong interac- tion between the tin atom and PVC molecules (2).
LaGaO3 showed compatibility with NiO, with gallium and nickel substituting for each other in both phases.
LaGaO3 is compatible with NiO, and the amount of nickel incorporated into LaGaO3 can be minimized by satu- rating NiO with gallium.
In conclusion, the PBuG /PBeG blend is an incompatible sys- tem so far as we judge its compatibility from the dielectric side- chain dispersion (temperature or frequency) and the apparent activation energy of the side-chain dispersion.
Characters at the sitej and sitek are also compatible.
The results suggest that neoprene is slightly more compatible with the test fuels containing isobutanol than with those containing oxygen equivalent levels of ethanol.
The implication is that polyurethane may be more compatible to gasoline containing isobutanol than ethanol.
were completely compatible.
The Fe-Ni magnetic a good alloy compatibility with sodium.
Second, the S-C-R compatibil ity manipulation was confounded with competition for the same I/O channels.
The stability and compatibility of MEM/clavulanate potassium were examined in aqua pro iniectione, 0.9% NaCl and 5% glucose at room temperature and at 5 1C.
However, this technique may not be applicable to apples and pears (the tribe Pyreae in the Rosaceae) because the recognition mechanisms in the S-RNase based GSI in these fruit species seem to be similar to those of Solanaceae and Plantaginaceae, where dysfunction of the pollen S determinant is supposed to result in self- and cross-incompatible pollen production.
S proteins control rejection of incompatible pollen in Petunia inflata.
The S-RNase-based gametophytic self-incompatibility system in Prunus exhibits distinct genetic and molecular features.
Otherwise, they are incompatible.
Animals 2019, 9, 674 2 of 11 Adequate coexistence between the two species is facilitated when the individuals are compatible.
These results, together with Scanning electron microscope (SEM) images on the fractured morphology of the blends, indicate that the compatibility between PLA and PBAT is improved upon addition of HBP.
However, the poor compatibility between PLA and PBAT directly leads to a dramatic decrease in the mechanical performance of PLA/PBAT blends.
It has been predicted that self-compatible species, particularly those that do not need the services of pollinators, are more likely to establish and spread after long-distance dispersal.
Nevertheless, our re- sults show that self-compatibility and autonomous seed production increased the size of range of invasion of most European species in North America.
In apricot (Prunus armeniaca L.), although cultivars of the European ecogeographical group are generally considered self-compatible, recent studies indicate that self-incompatibility is relatively frequent.
Self-incompatibility often occurs in fruit species of the genus Prunus, especially in sweet cherries and almonds.
This has been used widely to study incompatibility in various fruit species: in apple and pear (Marcucci and Visser, 1987), in sour cherry (Lansari and Iezzoni, 1990; Cerović, 1994), in hazelnut (Mehlenbacher, 1997), and in almond (Socias i Company and Alonso, 2004).
Use of these cultivars as parents in apricot breeding can lead to the development of new, undesirable, self-incompatible selections.
Genotyping apricot cultivars for self-(in)compatibility by means of RNases associated with S alleles.
Self-incompatibility in Spanish clones of apricot (Prunus armeniaca L.) tree.
Self-incompati- bility was the predominant breeding system in 43 out of 63 species used in the crossing experiments (Table 1).
Enalaprilat was found to be physically compatible and chemically stable in all admixture solutions tested.
So in the range of temperatures between 10 and 26°C there seems to be no temperature influence on weakening the incompatibility mechanism of these plants .
Environmental and genetic effects on pseudo-compatibility in Brassica oleracea in relation to the production of hybrid seed .
The BCAS seal- ant exhibits superior chemical compatibility with these elec- trode materials.
Final properties of PP/PE blends depend on their compatibility and, in the realm, iso- tactic PP (iPP) and high-density polyethylene (HDPE) are immiscible and poorly-compatible in the melt state [3–8].
The rheological method clearly discriminates miPP/mPE and miPP/zPE blends with an enhanced compatibility of mPE in iPP matrices.
SUMMARY Binary combinations of proteases of plant, animal and microbiological origin show varying degrees of incompatibility as a result of enzyme inter- action.
PIL and PLA have a very poor compatibility and are soluble in different kinds and volatility of solvents to obtain different phase structures.
DSC was successfully employed to evaluate the compatibility of the drugs with the selected polymers.
DSC was undertaken to establish the compatibility of IBU or KETO, two non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), with a polymer mixture usually compressed into tablets.
The compatibiliza- tion effect in this experiment attributes to the MA grafted with the butadiene group.
These data indicate the root- stock MX1 (A. valvata) is graft-compatible with the four scion cultivars belonging to A. deliciosa and A. chinensis.
Histological analyses show that the rootstock MX 1 (A. valvata) is graft-compatible with the four kiwifruit scion cultivars belonging to A. deliciosa and A. chinensis.
As biocompatible coatings, it is very im- portant for ta-C:H films to having suitable sp3 C fraction.
with SDS, Triton X100, Tween 20, NP-40, and deoxycholate) that are incompatible with many alternative approaches.
Compared with the TFN membrane with ZIF-8, the TFN membrane with NH2-ZIF-8 exhibits both higher CO2 permeance and higher CO2/N2 selectivity, which is mainly attributed to the enhanced interfacial compatibility and disturbed chain segment of polyamide by covalent bonds.
PANI shows good interfacial compatibility with PVAm due to the organic properties of PANI, and remarkably improves both gas permeance and selectivity of membranes.
Metal organic frameworks (MOFs) as the inorganic–organic hybrid materials possess better compatibility with polymers than other traditional inorganic particles.
Moreover, the diamine containing a tertiary amino group was used as the monomer in water phase of IP to form hydrogen bonds with NH2-ZIF-8, which enhances compatibility from molecule level.
From this point of view, the compatibility at the molecular level between ZIFs and polymers could be enhanced by building both covalent bonds and hydrogen bonds between NH2-ZIF-8 and PA (Scheme 1).
Conclusions The compatibility between ZIFs and polymers has been enhanced at the molecular level by building covalent bonds between NH2-ZIF-8 and PA in TFN membranes.
Compared with the TFN membrane with ZIF-8, the TFN membrane with NH2-ZIF-8 possesses both higher CO2 permeance and higher CO2/N2 selectivity, which is mainly attributed to the enhanced compatibility and disturbed chain segment of PA by covalent bonds.
Three diﬀerent ratios (1 : 9, 2 : 8 and 3 : 7, v/v) of n-heptane and 2-PrOH were evaluated to achieve compatibility with the SFC system and to improve peak shapes of the analytes.
To evaluate genotypic variability of M. fructicola in the presumed absence of sexual reproduction, populations of the pathogen were characterized using vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs).
Vegetative compatibility among Monilinia fructicola isolates collected in one peach orchard each in north and central Georgia.
Distribution of Monilinia fructicola fruit rot isolates among vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs) in one peach orchard each in north (A) and central (B) Georgia.
Usually, Pb exhibits incompatible behavior toward zircon because of unmatched ionic size and charge balance, and only Pb4+ is conducive to substitution for Zr4+ in the zircon lattice.
Biodiesel compatibility with carbon steel and HDPE parts.
Pyridaben, hexythiazox and propargite were found highly compatible with the fungus even at ﬁeld application levels.
Unfortunately, there is minimal knowledge of the compatibility of commercial acaricides with the fungal agents de- spite a high compatibility between B. bassiana and certain chemical insecticides such as imidacloprid (Xu et al., 2002).
Ten commercial acaricides were assayed for their compatibility with B. bassiana.
Apparently, the three acaricides were highly compatible with B. bassiana even at their dilution level for ﬁeld spray.
The compatibility of the HS1 extracellular proteases with commercial laundry detergents was studied using Ariel (Procter and Gamble, Switzerland), Newdet (Sodet, Tunisia), and Dixan (Henkel, Spain) as solid detergents.
Alloys containing lower molybdenum fractions that allow decomposition to the equilibrium a-U: U2Mo microstructure are incompatible with alu- minum because of extensive interaction.
we analyze the electromagnetic compatibility betveen electrical equi- pment including netvork.
Crop wild relatives (CWRs) remain underexploited in plant breeding programmes, mostly because of the lack of knowledge of their cross-compatibility with crops.
Interspecific cross-compatibility between A. officinalis and other Asparagus spp.
In some cases, complex breeding techniques have been optimized to promote interspecific crosses between incompatible species with the garden asparagus, such as the production of somatic hybrid plants between callus protoplasts of A. officinalis and A. macowanii (which is considered to belong to GP-3) using electrofusion (Kunitake et al., 1996).
Incompatibility has also been described, for example, between A. officinalis and A. acutifolius.
Some wild species known to be cross-compatible with A. officinalis (i.e.
It is therefore predicted to be cross-compatible with A. officinalis.
Diploid cross-compatible CWP species would CROP WILD PHYLORELATIVES 23 therefore potentially be crossable with diploid forms of A. officinalis, and tetraploid CWP species would only successfully cross with tetraploid cytotypes.
Furthermore, Zr02, spinel, and cw-Al,O,, might be compatible with Li at the higher end of the temperature regime, assuming that the thermodynamic data of Fig.
Similarly, the nitrogen ceramics AIN, BN, and Si:,N, are expected to be compatible with Na and Li.
1 are expected to be compatible with liquid Na over the range 300" to 1700°K.
Thermodynamically, only BeO, Y,03, Si3N4, BN, AIN, Tho,, and MgO are expected to be compatible with a liquid Li environ- ment.
THIS PAPER indicates that no unavoidable incompatibility problem is posed by the use of ammonia as a fuel.
Tin is compatible with both types of metals.
Phys-ical compatibility was not established with 3/13 medica-tions: dopamine, caffeine citrate and amikacin, owing to changes in pH post-mixing.
North American isolates of Colletotrichum coccodes, representing six vegetative compatibility groups (NA-VCG), were used to study morpho- logical and pathogenic variability.
Additional vegetative compatibility groups in Colletotrichum coccodes subpopu- lations from Europe and Israel.
Code Acid P1 P2 P3 P4 5% perfluorooctanesulfonic None, a reference 1 M tartaric 1 M sulphamic influencing their mutual compatibility to silicone oil are investigated.
From the DSC measurements, DBS was supposed to be compatible with CPE and incompatible with AR in an organic hybrid system.
The three-component organic hybrids showed a selective compatibility with CPE and DBS, where we observed a high damping performance in a wide temperature range.
The higher T is responsible for CPErDBS hybrid, where DBS is compatible with CPE in this polymerrlow-molecu- lar-weight filler system.
Otherwise, they are mainly structurally incompatible.
In order to improve interfacial interaction between hydrophilic kenaf fibre and hydrophobic matrix polypropylene (PP), Ap-g-PHMA is used as a compatibilizer.
iPP can’t mix with Kenaf due to differences in their nature; hydrophilic and hydrophobic, respectively, without addition of compatible agent.
On the other side, with Ap-g-PHMA addition as a compatible agent, the iPP and Kenaf can mix together because its hybrid nature which can bond with hydrophobic and hydrophilic site.
C grayi displays a distinctive morphological growth response only in compatible symbiotic pairings, such as with its natural photobiont Asterochloris sp.
This is consistent with the nutrition search strategy found ascomycetes (Gassmann and Ott, 2000), in which these fungi grow over in non-lichen-forming, filamentous 114 S. JONESONAND F. LUTZONI the responds symbionts compatible colonies.
in the The of by The mycobiont Cladonia grayi displays a compatible symbiotic phenotype in response to Asterochloris sp.
It shows that Microsoft refuses to be compatible with Firefox, and thus restrains its growth.
DMAPSs have been grafted onto an ozone-activated SPU surface to improve surface hemocompati- bility.
Synthesis of biocompatible segmented polyurethanes from aliphatic diisocyanates and diurea diol chain extenders.
Synthesis and hemocompatibility of biomembrane mimicing poly(carbonate urethane)s containing fluorinated alkyl phospha- tidylcholine side groups.
Facile synthesis of well-defined, biocompatible phosphorylcholine-based methacrylate copolymers via atom transfer rad- ical polymerization at 20 °C.
The UHMWPE/MWCNT-nanocomposites are also found to be biocompatible with altered cell spreading.
Modu- lated in vitro biocompatibility of a unique cross-linked salicylic acid– poly(ε-caprolactone)-based biodegradable polymer.
However, PMMA can display compatibility with PS’s copolymers such as poly(styrene-co-methyl methacrylate) and poly (styrene-co-acrylonitrile), with no phase separation observed in 1:1 mixtures in cyclohexanone, and clear ﬁlms have been attained.
The chemical compatibility against standard cathode materials revealed that Sr- doped LaMnO3 could be used without detectable chemical interaction up to at least 1000 C.
Thus, we explored the compatibility of LW16N with three well-known mixed conductors, which could be used as electrodes (LSM, LSCF and PN).
In particular, the mixture of powders of PN and LW16N reacts already for a thermal treatment at 600 C for 6 h, while a new diffraction peak appears after thermal treatment at 1000 C for 6 h in the case of LSCF; with LSM, instead, no additional diffraction peaks are detected up to 1000 C for 6 h, indicating an extended chemical compatibility between the two compounds.
HI and H4 were compatible with Tl and T2, and H2 and H3 were compatible with T12.
We evaluated the compatibility of M. verrucaria with three herbicides with unique properties (Table 1).
Results presented in Figure 1 A-C indicate that the compatibility of M. verrucaria with tank- mix solutions is herbicide speciﬁc.
The compatibility of M. verrucaria with com- mercial preparations of these herbicides and the growth in the presence of herbi- cide indicates that M. verrucaria could be incorporated into an integrated weed management program for kudzu.
Other authors have reported the compatibility of LNO with both YSZ and CGO at the mentioned temperatures for different periods of time [25,27].
Thus, it appears that HT- UPS and 316L stainless steels are similarly compatible with commercially pure sodium under these conditions.
Soares and co- workers13,14 successfully prepared NBR/PP TPVs by using MP as a compatibilizer and dicumyl peroxide -m-phenylene bismaleimide in combination with N,N (BMI) as cocuring agents.
Corley and Radusch15 studied the compatibilization of each of the reactant pairs, MP and ATBN, maleic anhydride grafted ethylene–propylene–diene rubber and ATBN, and ma- leic anhydride grafted styrene–ethylene–butadiene– styrene and ATBN on NBR/PP TPVs.
It was found that the reactant pair of MP and ATBN was the best compatibilizer of the three.
Zhang et al.16 found that NBR/PP TPVs with excellent mechanical properties could be prepared by using glycidyl methacrylate grafted PP/diethylenetriamine as compatibilizers and t-butyl phenolic resin as the curing agent.
The compati- bility was significantly improved by the reactive compatibilization of MP and ATBN, which led to better mechanical properties but about the same oil resistance as the other two types of TPVs without compatibilization.
Accordingly, schistosomes can be extremely virulent parasites of their intermediate hosts and infection has been reported to cause a number of host ﬁtness- Coevolution and compatibility 47S Fig.
Genetic variability in the compatibility between Schistosoma haematobium and its potential vectors in Niger.
Conclusion In sum, a strategy was proposed to explore the compatibility me- chanism of Sangju-Yin by investigating the P450 enzymes-based me- tabolic interactions between monarch drugs and the other constituent herbs.
Meanwhile, snails from Copra (6%) and Pay-Ubre (22%), in the Paraná River basin, were Class II and poorly compatible.
Key words: compatibility - Biomphalaria tenagophila - Río de la Plata basin - Schistosoma mansoni Biomphalaria glabrata and Biomphalaria tenago- phila snails are the natural intermediate hosts of Schis- tosoma mansoni in the Brazilian states of São Paulo (SP), Paraná, Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul (RS).
Meanwhile, the other three populations from Mirungá, Aguacerito and Curupicay were not very compatible to the SJ2 strain (Class I) with an index less than 10,000 cercariae (Table).
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticillium dahliae from ornamental woody plants.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Verticillium dahliae isolates from olive in western Turkey.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae isolates from different hosts in Greece.
Vegetative compatibility and pathogenicity of Verticillium dahliae isolates from the Aegean Region of Turkey.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Verticillium dahliae isolates from the Netherlands as compared to VCG diversity in Europe and in the USA.
Vegetative compatibility of cotton-defoliating Verticillium dahliae in Israel and its pathogenicity to various crop plants.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae.
Weltschev et al.9 studied the compatibility between HDPE and biofuels included E85 and biodiesel.
This article researches the compatibility between HDPE and biofuels including E30 and B30.
Biodiesel compatibility with carbon steel and HDPE parts.
SUMMARY strumosa (PSC) Nemesis Highly pseudo-self compatible plants were selfed and intercrossed to produce progenies of the Fs through F7 generations.
This species has been used as a model Nemesia strumosa BENTH., of the Scrophulariaceae, has a functional gametophytic incompatibility to study the changes in breeding behavior which occur as the self-incompatibility system is broken down.
Different degrees of breakdown of the incompatibility populations within a species may show different levels of PSC, depending upon inbreeding or outcrossing.
Natural populations of Trifolium repens studied by ATWOOD (1942) exhibited low PSC, a few plants being completely self incompatible, a few being highly PSC.
DAVIES & YOUNG (1966) reported is mostly self incompatible in the Mediterranean, its region of origin, but high levels of PSC occurred in plants established in its northern distribution.
As compared to Nemesia and Trifolium, the Petunia self-incompatibility system exists in a weaker state.
PSC genes are probably present in most self-incompatible It is possible of PSC genes could give high plants, with only a intercrosses lower species.
The χ values of PS and PVA blend are frequently greater than a critical value which means these different ratio blends were totally incompatible under the conditions of 298K and 403K.
With PVA as the main ingredient, the mixing enthalpy diminished with increasing proportion of PVA; thus all the combinations in our present work are incompatible in any proportion at 298K and 403K.
We also observed high mating compatibility between recently- colonised Mexican RIDL males and lab-reared Malay- sian wild type females.
The experiment on mating compatibility between Malaysian and Mexican strains was conducted to evaluate whether RIDL-513A on a non-Malaysian strain background mate well with Malaysian wild type female mosquitoes.
The results indicated high mating compatibility between recently-colonised Mexican RIDL males and lab-reared Malaysian wild type females.
We also observed high mating compatibility between recently-colonised Mexican RIDL males and lab-reared Malaysian wild type females.
Cross-infectivity and vegetative-compatibility of two formae speciales of Fusarium oxysporum.
Discussion The results of Experiment 2 revealed an effect of SR-compatibility.
The compatibility of this oil has been tested with several solids, in order to select the best suited combination.
To the contrary, a strong incompatibility has been shown between Jarytherm® DBT and the selected natural rocks and sand, at the temperature of 330°C.
The PE copolymers containing polar comonomers such as maleic anhydride or acrylic acid exhibited better compatibility with FGS than the PE homopolymers.
The morphology, electric conductivity, and tensile prop- erties of the FGS/PE copolymer/PE nanocomposites showed that the PE copolymers with a solubility parameter slightly larger than that of PE itself effectively served as a compatibi- lizer for the FGS/PE nanocomposite.
Gametic incompatibility between species of the sea urchin Echinometra on the two sides of the Isthmus of Panama.
Strong heterokaryon incompatibility was observed between Nandi (67%) and Makueni (33%) county isolates.
Isolated strains from Nandi, Kisumu, and Homa Bay were more vegetatively compatible.
Genetic isolation among sympatric vegetative compatibility groups of the aflatoxin-producing fungus Aspergillus flavus.
Analysis of population structure of Aspergillus flavus from peanut based on vegetative compatibility, geographic origin, mycotoxin and sclerotia production.
Preparation of Midazolam Hydrochloride and Ramosetron Hydrochloride Mixtures Midazolam hydrochloride injection (5 mg/5 mL) and ramosetron hydrochloride injection (0.3 mg/2 mL) were diluted in 100-mL PVC bags or glass bottles to make a compatible solution of 5 mg/100 mL midazolam hydro- chloride and 0.3 mg/100 mL ramosetron hydrochloride.
The use of incompatible at- tractants may inhibit the development and use of EPF in a pest control strategy.
R. jo/ponicum were compatible with Thiram and Carboxin but not with PCNB and Captan.
The rhizobia are compatible with carboxin when seeds are planted within 4 hours of inoculation but not when the seeds are held for 24 hours.
Furthermore, the HLPES may also inherit the excellent cytocompatibility and histocompatibility from PES, which makes it exhibit much more perspective in the modiﬁcation of PES mem- branes than the other synthesized heparin-like macromolecules.
It was found that the cytocompatibility of PES-NH2 was improved compared with pristine PES.
Furthermore, the cytocompatibility of the modiﬁed mem- branes was enhanced.
Biocompatibility of modiﬁed polyethersulfone membranes by blending an amphiphilic triblock co-polymer of poly(vinyl pyrrolidone)-b-poly(methyl methacrylate)-b- poly(vinyl pyrrolidone).
However, the browsers, especially the major browsers Internet Explorer and Firefox have compatibility issues with a page in different browsers showing different manifestations because of core differences.
Genetic variation among vegetative compatibility groups of Fusarium oxysporum f. sp.
Genetic variation between different vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs) of Fusarium oxysporum f. sp.
cubense from Heliconia species to isolates from banana from Mexico and some vege- tative compatibility group (VCG) representative isolates by DNA finger- printing analysis using primer ILOE.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Australian populations of Fu- sarium oxysporum f.sp.
The result showed that conditions for the silyl-to-hydroxyl group conversion is not compatible with cyclopropane rings.
Finally, in the thermal compatibility study, EPI showed to be compatible with excipients such as starch, lactose, PVP K-30, microcrystalline cellulose, and hydroxypropyl methyl cellulose.
Thus, the sum of results cor- roborates with the interpretation that EPI and lactose are compatible.
In 2011–2013, a study on the crossing compatibility and the setting of fruit in distant hybridization within the genus Prunus, among the species P. armeniaca L. (apricot), P. salicina Lindl.
The small number of fruits obtained in our study could have resulted from the genetic incompatibil- ity between the genotypes of P. cerasifera and P. ar- meniaca.
This indi- cates that the influence of the genotype of maternal from of P. salicina on the compatibility and effec- tiveness of distant hybridization of these species is greater than the influence of the paternal form of P. armeniaca and P. cerasifera.
Overall, it was noticed that EGF has shown compatibility with the 13 exposure.
Interpopulation crosses of D. saccharalis populations from Tucuman (maize and sugarcane) and Jujuy (sugarcane) provided evidence of pre- zygotic and post-zygotic incompatibility.
(2016) on D. saccharalis popu- lations collected from sugarcane and maize from the northwestern and Pampas regions in Argentina, revealed similar biological traits and some degree of pre-zygotic and post-zygotic incompatibility, when reared on artiﬁcial diet in the laboratory.
Reproductive compatibility among Diatraea saccharalis populations 3 0 4.4″S, 64°52 Materials and methods Insect collections Sugarcane borer larvae were collected from November to December 2014 in commercial ﬁelds located in Tucuman and Jujuy provinces in northwestern Argentina.
Reproductive compatibility among Diatraea saccharalis populations 9 incompatibility.
Cytoplasmic incompati- bility is not known to occur in SCB populations.
(2016) Reproductive isolation between two populations of Reproductive compatibility among Diatraea saccharalis populations 11 Diatraea saccharalis (F.) (Lepidoptera: Crambidae) from dif- ferent host plant species and regions in Argentina.
Consequently, it is concluded that the block copoly- mers have excellent compatibility with platelet.
Application of DSC and NIRS to study the compatibility of metronidazole with different pharmaceutical excipients.
The oxide couples with 43 wt.% H3BO3 (equivalent to 30 wt.% B2O3) were heat-treated at 600–800 °C in air for 20 h. XRD analysis shows that the selected electrolyte and electrode materials are not chemically compatible with boron at temperatures above 600 °C.
However, there is lim- ited work on chemical compatibility between boron and SOFC electrolyte and cathode materials at intermediate tem- peratures of 600–800 °C.
This indicates that doped ceria is also chemically incompatible with boron and Gd in the GDC tends to react with boron oxide, forming GdBO3.
This indicates that LSCF is not chemically compatible with boron.
4 Conclusion The present study demonstrates that the commonly used electrolyte materials such as YSZ and GDC and cathode mate- rials such as LSM, LSCF, SCF, and BSCF are not chemically compatible with boron.
It is shown that the compatibility of the europium complex with the styrene monomer has a great impact upon the europium content in the PSt microspheres by dispersion polymeriza- tion.
two europium organic complexes of Eu(DBM)3Phen and Eu(TTA)32H2O (TTA = 2-thenoyl- triﬂuoroacetone), which have different chemical compati- bilities with the monomer, are selected to synthesize monodisperse ﬂuorescent PSt microspheres by in situ dis- persion polymerization.
from spinach as well as other hosts (alfalfa, cotton, lettuce, mint, peppermint, potato, radish, and tomato) from various countries and from different vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs).
Phylogenetic relationships among Verticillium dahliae vegetative compatibility groups based on IGS and polymorphic se- quences.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae.
These simulations confirmed that squalane is somewhat more compatible with poly(isoprene), “PI” than poly(butadiene), “PB”, and further enabled prediction of the temperature dependence of compatibility.
The effect of blending with oligo-dIB and oligo-dS shows partial compatibility of those oligomers with PI.
This indicates that squalane / PB is a partially compatible UCST mixture and is consistent with the observed wetting behaviour.
TFE and CTFE are more compatible than other compatible material.
In the Rosaceae, tetraploid sour cherry (Prunus (Prunus cerasus) and hexaploid common plum domestica) have self-compatible (SC) cultivars; how- ever, tetraploid sour cherry has both SI and SC types (Hauck et al., 2002), because SC is induced by the accumulation of nonfunctional mutations in pollen-S or stylar-S genes (Hauck et al., 2006).
As a result, all S1- RNase and S2-RNase would be ubiquitinated and degraded; consequently, S1S2 heteroallelic pollen would be fully compatible.
The F-box protein AhSLF-S2 controls the pollen function of S-RNase-based self-incompatibility.
Self-incompatibility- related RNases in styles of Japanese pear (Pyrus serotina Rehd).
Cross- and self-compatibility in various species of the genus Rosa.
The poor cell compatibility is believed to be due to the unavoid- able carboxylic acid groups generated from the reac- tion between maleic anhydride and amino group.
The PDRlAIPMMA and PDRlWPMMA blende made by precipitation in methanol are ala0 compatible.
This suggests that these azo polymer blends may be compatible.
The compatibility of the PDRlM/PMMA blend was also checked by solid-state NMR.
EVOH is usually blended with polyoleﬁns,5−7 but it is normally in- compatible with polyoleﬁns as a result of different polarities.
Thus, the emul- sions of KBM-502 and BPO in distilled water were required in the hopes of increasing their compatibility with the SSNR.
This is due to the good compatibility between STR 5L and the rubber part of the G-SSNR.
The presence of the covalent bond in the G-SSNR im- plies the linkage between NR and silica, leading to the better NR-silica compatibility.
With relatively longer side chains, the polyimides were proved to be compatibilized with polydimethylsiloxanes.
On the whole, the rigid-rod aromatic polyimides were proved to be compatibilized with PDMSs with relatively longer side chains.
Conse- quently, due to the enhanced anode and cathode compatibility, the assembled  1 at NIHC and KIHC can deliver high energy densities of 134.7 and 103.4 Wh kg  1, respectively.
INTRODUCTION it The modern computer or TV monitor contains many high-speed and high-frequency electronic devices that may be incompatible with each other.
In-host compatibility and competitiveness of the exotic multivoltine parasitoids Peristenus stygicus Loan and P. digoneutis Loan with the native parasitoids Leiophron lygivorus (Loan) (multivoltine), P. pallipes (Curtis) and P. pseudopallipes (Loan) (both univoltine) were assessed.
KEY WORDS tarnished plant bug, Lygus lineolaris, competition, in-host compatibility, parasitism, Peristenus THE TARNISHED PLANT bug, Lygus lineolaris (Palisot de Beauvois), feeds on ⬎300 species of plants (Young 1986), and is a major pest of alfalfa, cotton, strawber- ries, apples, canola, and several species of vegetable crops.
The objectives of this study were to determine the in-host compatibility and the competitiveness of the exotic multivoltine parasitoids P. stygicus and P. digo- neutis with the native parasitoids L. lygivorus, P. pal- lipes, and P. pseudopallipes.
Such inhibition indicates that O. oeni Lc5p was incompatible with yeast strain AWRI 835.
This reinforces the view that these yeast and ML bacteria combinations are compatible.
It revealed that glicocol, sorbitol and arabic gum are incompatible with caﬀeine.
Consistent with these observations, investigations of transmission of hypovirulence-associated dsRNA across the compatibility reaction types revealed that vegetative com- patibility in S. homoeocarpa ranged from fully to partially incompatible, to fully compatible.
In C. parasitica, conver- sion between some vegetatively incompatible hypovirulent and virulent isolates has also been reported.
Vegetative compatibility groups among Sclerotinia homoeocarpa from leaves of Paspalum notatum.
However PO, and K1C were strongly compatible with each other .
The Zairean population appeared to belong to one VCG although two sub-groups were identified ; one sub-group from diseased palms which were all strongly compatible with each other and a second sub-group, from pollen, seed 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Vegetative compatibility and DNA polymorphism in F. oxysporum 211 and air which were only weakly compatible with the first sub-group .
asparagi into vegetatively compatible groups .
SUMMARY Incorporation of polar cyanoethyl side groups into amine-terminated poly- dimethylsiloxane oligomers improves segmental compatibility of segmented polycyanoethylmethylsiloxane polyurethanes based on these oligomers.
The results showed that PP-g-rGO nanoplatelets as compatibilizer could enhance the nal properties of the PS/PP blend.
In the solutions and concentrations tested, hydroxyzine hydrochloride injection is vi­ sually compatible with cisplatin, cytarabine, cyclo­ phosphamide, etoposide, mesna, and methotrex­ ate.
Furthermore, in order to remain compatible with the NTSC standard, we place the chrominance components of both channels into the NTSC chrominance region and use the NTSC colour subcarrier fsc for some of these components.
This method is designed to remain compatible with the NTSC standard by using the same colour subcarrier.
But the band between 30 kHz and 150 kHz still does not have a compatibility level solution.
The surface of these particles was then modified by the introduction of imidazole groups, enhancing the chemical compatibility with the selected ZIF-8 MOF.
This enhanced compatibility between ZIF-8 and the polymer chains can be attributed to the imidazolate functionality of the polymer and ZIF-8.
It was concluded that the observed variations in the concentrations of abscisic acid in the graft region did not cause incompatibility in the combinations of atemoya grafted onto different native species.
In this context, this study allowed us to verify, in nursery conditions over an approximately 18-month period, that the observed variations in the concentrations of ABA in the grafted region do not provoke incompatibility in the combinations of atemoya grafted onto biribá: araticum-de-terra-fria and araticum-mirim.
One of them is the self-incompatibility (SI) sys- tem, which plays an important role in maintaining the hereditary variation of plants and widely exists in nature.
Since the mutual crossing among the combina- tions showed good fruit setting rates, it is confirmed that the incompatibility in self pollination of P. ussur- iensis should be attributed to GSI.
Sequence comparison of the 59 flanking regions of Japanese pear (Pyrus pyrifolia) S-RNases associated with gametophytic self-incompatibility.
LCN as a chain extender is able to promote compatibility between cellulose and the polymer matrix [23].
The formation of this intermolecular hydrogen bonding favors compatibility and homogeneity at the molecular scale in the PSF/LCN and PSF/CNF ultraﬁltration membranes.
The formation of this intermolecular hydrogen bonding favors compatibility and homogeneity at the molecular scale in the PSF/LCN and PSF/CNF ultrafiltration membranes.
The formation of this intermolecular hydrogen bonding favors compatibility and homogeneity at the molecular scale in the PSF/LCN and PSF/CNF ultrafiltration membranes.
Interfacial adhesion between CNF and PSF and interfacial compatibility were enhanced because of a crosslinked network of hydrogen bonds.
Interfacial adhesion between CNF and PSF and interfacial compatibility were enhanced because of a crosslinked network of hydrogen bonds.
Interfacial adhesion between CNF and PSF and interfacial compatibility were enhanced because of a crosslinked network of hydrogen bonds.
In 1984, he joined the Brazilian telecommunica- tion operator (Telebr´as), where he was involved with electrical protection, electromagnetic compatibility, and safety.
Amazon has chosen application compatibility by making it possible for Apple iPad users to view e-books purchased from its Amazon Kindle Store.
In con- trast, Apple has chosen application incompatibility, meaning that the users of Amazon’s Kindle cannot view e-books purchased on Apple’s iTunes.
Wawrocka, Balvín, and Bartonička (2015) further showed that HA and BA bed bugs were reproductively incompatible, with no eggs produced from interlineage crosses despite mating and sperm transfer.
(2015) showed compelling evidence that crosses between HA and BA bed bugs failed to pro- duce any eggs, indicating reproductive incompatibility and the pos- sible emergence of separate biological species.
5), suggesting a high degree of compatibility between the Ga and RGS from different species.
were chemically compatible with both Nb and MoSi2.
With compatibility, because of the nuisance cost of ads for network A, most users will prefer network B.
In the green area, the networks charge positive prices when they are incompatible.
With the above-mentioned results, it could be concluded that the compatibility of the SMALDPE blend was improved by the reactive mixing.
The ﬁnal product, polypropylene-graf- ted-TRGO (hereafter PP-g-TRGO), was compatible with iPP.
These dramatic improvements even under low PP-g-TRGO loading are attributable to the increased compatibility of PP-g-TRGO with iPP, and lead to effective dispersion, and to the formation of covalent bonds between TRGO and PP-g-MA, which heavily restrict the mobility of the surrounding iPP macromolecules.
Grafting helps to overcome the poor compati- bility between the TRGO surfaces and the non-polar iPP matrix.
Biodiesel are believed to have the own set of material compatibility since some of them can be aggressive to the elastomers while the other are passive.
The variation in male pheromones of poten- tial mates allowed LL females to weigh the trade-off between genetic compatibility and quality benefits.
Antimicrobial incompatibilities fosamil, sodium, meropenem, meropenem/ colistimethate vaborbactam, and micafungin sodium.
they are compatible in the (45) Proof.
DCOE is therefore immiscible/incompatible with PMAA in solid phase.
Overall, the incompatibility of acyclovir with lactose was successfully evaluated using a combination of thermal methods and LC–MS/MS.
Six compatible and incompatible HLA combinations between mother and child.
RESULTS Vegetative compatibility of the MBC-sensitive and -resistant F. graminearum isolates in China.
Nitrate non-utilizing mutants of Gibberella zeae (Fusarium graminearum) and their use in determining vegetative compatibility.
Vegetative compatibility and mycotoxin chemotypes among Fusarium graminearum (Gibberella zeae) isolates from wheat in Argentina.
Barrage zone forma- tion between vegetative incompatible Fusarium graminearum (Gibberella zeae) isolates.
Vegetative compati- bility among Fusarium graminearum (Gibberella zeae) isolates from barley spikes in Southern Manitoba.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Fusarium graminearum isolates from corn and barley in Korea.
In general, the copper-based additives even under the stabilization of graphene oxide are not so compatible with nitramine oxidizers and AP.
The values of ΔTp between HMX with GC-Ni and GT-Ni are 0 and 0.8 °C, respectively, showing good compatibility of these mixtures.
This phenomenon indicates that the chemical reaction between HMX with GC-Cu and GA-Cu is likely to take place at very low temperature and the mixtures have bad compatibility.
It means AP/GT-Ni mixture has good compatibility, whereas the AP/GC-Ni, AP/GC-Cu, AP/GT-Cu and AP/GA-Cu mixtures are incompatible.
The value of ΔTp for NC with GC-Cu is 3.8 °C, showing that NC/GC-Cu mixture has moderate compatibility.
There- fore, GC-Cu has very strong catalytic effect on energetic ingredients when the temperature is above its decomposition temperature, so that the main exothermic process occurs at much lower temperature, which makes GC-Cu-based ener- getic mixtures incompatible.
The presence of GO may make the AP/TAG-Ni system more stable but still incompatible.
Conclusions The compatibility of a group of G-M with some typical EMs has been studied by using both DSC and VST meth- ods.
Probably, the DSC standard is not suitable for the evaluation of the compatibility of GC-Ni, GC-Cu, GT-Ni, GT-Cu and GA-Cu with energetic ingredients.
To overcome the challenge of UP/PH incompatibility, arising from their different chemical structures and curing mechanisms (radical vs. condensation), different phenolic resoles have been used: ethanol-soluble, epoxy-functionalized, and allyl-functionalized.
PH1 was chosen so that we could blend a traditional water- based resole with UP to give a reference, non-compatible system, whilst the three other resoles have been shown to have increased compatibility with UP in that PH2 employs a solvent (ethanol) with which both resins are compatible, PH3 is also isopropanol-based but in addition has the epoxy functionality, which may react dur- ing curing with any terminal carboxylic acid groups in the UP, and the allyl groups in PH4 have the potential to co-cure, free radically, with the carbonecarbon double bonds in the UP backbone and the styrene crosslinking monomer present in the UP.
Such behaviour has been observed, for example, in poly- propylenes and polyamides containing incompatible, inorganic phosphorus-based, ﬂame-retardant additives.
%, the blend membrane exhibits the best overall membrane performance, which is supposed to benefit from the improved compatibility and strong interactions between the PVDF-g-PSSA and SPEEK matrix.
This reveals the poor compatibility and weak interfacial interaction between the PVDF and SPEEK.
In contrast, all the SPEEK/PVDF-g-PSSA membranes displays decreased water uptake comparing with pristine SPEEK membrane at various temperature because there is no such voids for the storage of water molecules between the two polymers due to the improved compatibility.
In addition, the SPEEK/PVDF-g-PSSA blend membranes exhibit excellent thermal stability and small temperature dependence of water uptake and dimensional change benefiting from the improved compatibility.
As compatibilizators, theauthors have used blends modified with maleic anhydride or acrylic acidpolypropylene.
Vegetative compatibility grouping was determined by pairing chlorate-tolerant, nitrate-nonutilizing mutants on a minimal medium containing nitrate as the sole nitrogen source.
apii race 2 examined were placed within a unique vegetative compatibility group that excluded F. oxysporum f.sp.
Identification of unknown isolates with vegetative complementa- tion Nit mutants were recovered from 1 28 isolates of F. oxysporum obtained from muck soils and were classified by both vegetative compatibility and greenhouse pathogenicity tests.
Identification of unknown isolates with SDS-PAGE Twelve of the unknown isolates of F. oxysporum recovered from muck soil, which were classified above (as race 2 or not race 2) by the vegetative compatibility and greenhouse patho- Can.
NitM mutants readily complement nitl, nit3, and some other NitM mutants from vegetatively compatible isolates.
A comparison of hetero- karyosis and vegetative incompatibility among varieties of Gib- berellafujikuroi.
Our results established that the populations originating from Arroio do Meio, Pontes e Lacerda, Jaguariu´na and Vic¸osa, are reproductively compatible.
Nuclear-cytoplasmic incompatibility occurs between the nuclear genes of the Arroio do Meio population and the Jaguariu´na cytoplasm.
Thus, it was concluded that: (1) populations identiﬁed as E. concordis from Arroio do Meio, Jaguariu´na, Pontes e Lacerda, and Vic¸osa belong to the same species; (2) direct gene ﬂow is possible among the population from Arroio do Meio and the populations from Jaguariu´na and Pontes e Laceda, when put in contact; (3) an apparent partial reproductive incompatibility exists between the populations from Jaguariu´na and Vic¸osa as well as among the populations from Jaguariu´na and Pontes e Lacerda; and (4) the reproductive incompatibility between the population from Petrolina and the other populations is characterized as post-mating in- compatibility.
The NSPWMLFMA is easily incorporated in and is fully compatible with the classical MLFMA.
Since 2013, he has been with NTT Energy and Environment Sys- tems Laboratories researching electro- magnetic compatibility on telecommunica- tion systems.
Cefamandole has been reported to be incompatible with gentamicin and tobramycin.l’ This points out the fact that the antibiotics may be compatible with the PN solution, but not with each other.
All of the SAMs prepared in the 0.1 mM thiol solution and the one in the 2 mM ethanolic thiol solution showed excellent platelet compatibility.
1 show that the perovskite cathode materials and LSGM have the best chemical compatibility, as they do not form new phases.
Evaluate the compatibility of four species of edible ECM fungi from three different phyloge- netic families (Tricholomataceae, Russulaceae, and Boletaceae)—T.
Discussion The establishment of ectomycorrhizas in most of the plant-fungus combinations proved that all the studied fungi are compatible with at least two species of Cistaceae.
A study on compatibility and fungal ecological strategies general, including B. fragrans, are known to associate with Quercus spp.
Gold, however, is not compatible with tin except in a controlled humidity environment.
Tin performs almost as well as gold, costs signiﬁcantly less, and is compatible with all environments.
Nickel is galvanically compatible in a seam with tin, stainless steel, silver, and gold.
Aluminum with a clear chromate ﬁnish is galvanically compatible in a seam with tin and nickel.
Aluminum is compatible with itself and also with tin.
Ethyl acrylate-methacrylic acid copolymer (I, II, dqferent composition); incompatible: Phase separation in methanol at 10-20 g/dl at 25°C when I contained 47% salts of I and I1 gave opaque solutions in water at 20 g/dl [73].
Through this simple test, our experiments already indicate that NaFeO2, NaCoO2, and NaNiO2 cathodes are likely incompatible with Na3PSe4.
It is noted that the SDT results show that NaCoO2 and NaNiO2 are not compatible with Na3PS4 at very low temperatures, close to RT (47°C and 30°C, respectively), even though no peak change in XRD can be observed after mixing them at RT (Figure S2 f and h).
Thus, we conclude that Na3PSe4 is not compatible with a Na metal anode.
fHSI, heterokaryon self-incompatible.
HSI: heterokaryon self-incompatible.
(1998) Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae isolates from different hosts in Greece.
HSI, heterokaryon self incompatible.
This study demonstrated that MMI- grafted HDPE and EPR behave as effective compati- bilizers in blends based on polyoleﬁns and thermo- plastic elastomers.
We suggest that the high cross compatibility observed among H. armigera collected from different host plants is a close mimic of the actual Þeld situation.
This is acheived via the addition of a small amount of solvate ionic liquids (Li(G3)TFSI), which demonstrate excellent compatibility with the sulfide solid electrolyte in composite electrodes.
As most soybean nodules were occupied by a single clone (Wang et al., 2016), this allowed JD17 to capture compatible mutants from the mutant pool in rhizosphere.
The type III secretion system of Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA122 med- iates symbiotic incompatibility with Rj2 soybean.
While it is incompatible with both the single- isolate Fla 1 and Ga 1 series, it is partially com?
Thus, wide compatibility in rice offers an opportunity to utilize the strong heterosis derived from inter-subspeciﬁc crosses, by overcoming the reproductive barrier exhibited in hybrids between indica and japonica.
The incorpora- tion of the major wide compatibility gene, S5n into hybrid rice parental line can lead to development of sterility free heterotic indica/japonica hybrids.
The high diversity of vegetative compatibility groups in A. jlavus may be due to the influx of genetic variability through aerial spore dis persal from infected corn and cotton.
Distribution of A. jlavus isolates from soil (n = 53) and peanut seeds (n = 26) among vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs).
Distribution of isolates of A. tamarii types A and B from soil (n = 32 and 26, respectively) and peanut seeds (n = 2 and 6) among vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs).
Designated VCG tester strains of A. flavus, A. parasiticus, and A. tamarii were incompatible with each other in interspecific pairings.
Aspergillus tamarii types A and B, present in soil in nearly equal proportions, were also incompatible.
Heterokaryon self-in compatibility in Gibberella fujikuroi (Fusarium monili forme).
Heterokaryon incompatibility in Aspergillus jlavus.
Vegetative compati bility groups in Leucocytospora kunzei.
Especially, the NASICON-type ionic conductor covered with PEO-based polymer integrates the advantages of inorganic electrolyte and organic electrolyte, presents the enhanced electrochemical stability and an excellent compatibility with the Li electrode.
Most species are self-incompatible or pseudo-self- compatible perennials.
The high molecular similarity between plants with the two breeding systems suggests that divergence of the self-compatible T. coronopifolia from self-incompatible/pseudo-self-compatible ancestors has been recent.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticillium dahliae isolates from weeds in potato fields.
cubense vegetative compatibility groups.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae.
Aggressiveness of Verticillium dahliae isolates from different vegetative compatibility groups to potato and tomato.
The potency of the former group is comparable to SUS and has proven to have very poor compatibility in terms of the generation of TAT.
Sexuality, incompatibility, size variation, and preferential polyandry in natural populations and clones of Sellaphora pupula (Bacillar- iophyceae).
CONCLUSIONS and Aromatic and partially aliphatic PIs with different ﬂex- ibilities and their corresponding blends, poly(DOCDA- PPD)/poly(DOCDA-ODA) poly(6FDA-ODA)/poly (DOCDA-ODA), were investigated to obtain information on their hydrophilic/hydrophobic properties and blood compatibility.
they were compatible.
Un- fortunately, the term “IncA/C”, though incorrect due to IncA and IncC plasmids being known to be compatible (Datta and Hedges, 1973), has since become very widespread.
IncA and IncC plasmids are compatible Taking advantage of modern molecular methods and complete se- quences for RA1 and pRMH760, we have re-examined the issue of compatibility between IncA and IncC plasmids using the standard in- compatibility test, which measures the stability of the plasmids in the same cell in the absence of antibiotic selection.
Therefore, IncA and IncC plasmids are indeed compatible with each other.
The stability of RA1 (IncA) and pRMH760 (IncC) when present together in the same cell without antibiotic selection over a period of > 110 generations leaves no doubt that IncA and IncC plasmids are compatible.
Elastomer compatibility is therefore not regarded as a blending constraint for B20 blends of biodiesel with FT diesel.
is a methyl ester-based, oxygenated, Biodiesel alternative fuel that can be used directly as fuel in a conventional diesel engine or as a blend stock because it is fully compatible with conventional crude-oil derived diesel.
Unlike the methacrylate host APC has an aromatic backbone similar to the chromophore core, which is likely to result in a more compatible blend.
We compared the reproductive compatibility and molecular genetic variation between two geographic strains of A. albipodus.
Reproductive compatibility, mating behavior, and random ampliﬁed polymorphic DNA variability in some Aphelinus asychis (Hymenoptera: Aphelinidae) derived from the Old World.
DSC thermal analysis was applied to evaluate the compatibility between Cr2O3 NPs and NC.
Herein, the DSC thermal analysis method was applied to evaluate the compatibility of Cr2O3 NPs with NC.
Cr2O3 NPs were found to have good compatibility with NC and could be safely used in NC-based propellants.
4 DISCUSSION This study provides the ﬁrst overview of the compatibility of seven commercially available MCAs, including fungi, bacteria and viruses, with B. terrestris under laboratory conditions.
The results of the present study have demonstrated that the MCAs investigated are probably compatible with B. terrestris, although more experiments under ﬁeld-related conditions are necessary for conﬁrmation.
27 Mommaerts V, Platteau G, Boulet J, Sterk G and Smagghe G, Trichoderma-based biological control agents are compatible with the pollinator Bombus terrestris: a laboratory study.
The compatibility data of the control solutions showed that doxofylline and phentol- amine mesilate were stable in 5% dextrose injection or in 0Æ9% sodium chloride injection for up to 24 h at 20–25 °C, respectively.
6. pCE310 is incompatible with cp32-3 in B. burgdorferi B31 and 297.
The DSC analysis showed that risperidone was compatible with starch and sodium lauryl sulfate and that it was incompatible with magnesium stearate, lactose and microcrystalline cellulose.
The FT-IR analyses of the binary mixtures after heating combined with PCA and LC determination conﬁrmed the incompatibilities of risperidone with magnesium stearate, lactose and cellulose microcrystalline.
Most of the compatible combinations were essentially without haze, having turbidities of <0.1 NTU.
The level of compatibility of these populations is similar to that found when different populations of Lepidoptera species are crossed, and quite different from the incompatibility revealed by studies of interspecific hybridization.
DISCUSSION It is clear from these experiments that Spanish and Swedish H. lupponicus are genetically different from one another, and that this results in reduced compatibility between them.
PolyMEMA has low platelet compatibility though its chemical structure is very similar to that of polyMEA,31 and polyHEMA is known as an activator of complement.
to study the compatibility of several P-solubilizers isolates (Pseudomonas mallei, P. cepaceae, Aspergillus niger, and Penicillium sp.)
Positive compatibility among N-fixing bacteria Azospirillum, Azotobacter, and phosphate solubilizing bacteria Pseudomonas fluorescens and Bacillus subtilis [7].
These studies further confirm that HMX and all PUs are possessed a good compatibility.
VST results showed that the difference between the amount of volume of gas evolved for HMX and binary mixture was found to be less than 2 mL g−1, indicat- ing that HMX and different PUs are compatible with each other.
TGA and DSC results further confirmed that both HMX and PUs possessed a good compatibility.
DSC was carried out to determine the compatibility of the blend.
These results indicate that CS and PEG are not very compatible though they can form hydrogen-bonding interaction.
In the normal apparatus condition these two combinations were compatible when subjects were seated on the right, and incompatible when they were seated on the left.
Unlike native OA, which is completely compatible with BSA, OA thermoaggregates are limited in their compati- bility with BSA.
It is available only on 8-inch, single-density, CP/M-compatible disks.
And this increase in the free-volume size of the EPDM/NBR blend is mainly attributed to the poor interfacial adhesion and poor compatibility.
The complicated variation of free- volume hole size and the concentration of the incompatible blends which has been observed by PAS is a result of the high-sensitivity of the positron and positronium atom ; it is not only sensitive with free-volume holes but also with any interfacial spaces.
This actually indicates that the CNC is incompatible with PCL, while the aCNC compatible with PCL.
both or neither are compatible.
It is found that in the temperature range 550 to 600oC, 9Cr-based ferritic steel is fully compatible with Ferroboron.
However, PCM/PM/NRZ also provides compatible perfor- mance, in terms of high power containment and low level of unwanted emission, as compared to BPSK/NRZ.
Calcium gluconate is preferred over calcium chloride when compounding PN because of its superior compatibility with inorganic phosphates.
Calcium chloride was found to be physically compatible with NaGP in PN at the tested concentrations.
Discussion A previous publication outlined the improved solubility of PN containing calcium gluconate when organic glycerophosphate is used in place of inorganic phosphate.15 It was reported that PN containing up to 50 mEq/L calcium gluconate and 50 mmol/L NaGP was compatible.
NaGP has now been shown to be compatible in PN with vary- ing concentrations of calcium, provided as either calcium gluco- nate or calcium chloride at concentrations that far exceed the accepted precipitation limits of PN compounded with calcium gluconate and sodium phosphate.
Namely, it is compatible with calcium in the tested PN solutions at concentrations up to 50 mEq/L calcium and 50 mmol/L NaGP.
Laboratory infection experiments using Madasgacan S. haematobium from the Mahabo area showed that certain populations of B. obtusispira, B. liratus and B. bavayi were compatible.
mont bavayi (1973) was unable to show compatibility with local S. haematobium, Wright (1971 a), using isolates of S. haematobium from Mauritius, found B. bavayi to be compatible.
With the exception of Samangoky (site 37), all of the B. obtusispira populations were compatible 6–82 %.
The majority of the B. forskalii group populations were incompatible.
From laboratory infection studies, compatibility of both species could be shown while B. bavayi appeared refractory (Degre!
To examine this compatibility further, nine populations (sites 5, 12, 33, 38, 39, 43, 44, 45 and 51) were exposed to two B. globosus-borne strains of S. haematobium from Senegal and Zambia.
These results suggest that some Fe nutrition-related trans-factors are not compatible between graminaceous plants and Arabidopsis.
In the present study, DSC and VST tools have been used to explore the compatibility between nitrocellulose and an organic eutectic of a binary mixture of stabilizers (Diphenylamine (DPA) + N-(2-ethanol)-p-nitroaniline (ENA)) according to well-known standards.
The mixture components are incompatible if VR is found superior to the specific value of 5 ml.
Vegetative compatibility and conversion to hypovi~ulence among isolates of Cryphonectria parasitica from northern Italy.
Vegetative compatibility and conversion of Cyphonectria parasitica isolates from different Italian regions.
It remains unclear whether TiO2 is compatible with the CaCl2!
Idarubicin hydrochloride 1 mg/mL is incompatible with many drugs that have alkaline pH values or are sensitive to changes in solution pH.
Vancomycin 8 mg/mL was incompatible with all tested concentrations of piperacil- lin-tazobactam.
Vancomycin 10 mg/mL was incompatible with piperacillin-tazobactam 40, 80, and 100 mg/mL.
Incompatibility began to occur at 10 mg/mL vancomycin and with piperacillin- tazobactam concentrations higher than 30 mg/mL.
In 5% dextrose, vancomycin 8 mg/mL was incompatible with all tested concentrations of piperacillin-tazobactam, forming a white cloud and then dissipating.
Vancomycin 4 mg/mL was compatible with all tested piperacillin-tazobactam concentra- tions except 80 and 100 mg/mL (Table 2).
Vancomycin 10 mg/mL with piperacillin-tazobactam 40 mg/mL in normal saline and vancomycin 4 mg/mL with piper- acillin-tazobactam 80 and 100 mg/mL in dextrose showed compatibility with vancomycin added to piperacillin/tazobactam but formed precipitant with reverse mixing and thus were declared incompatible.
CONCLUSION The Y-site compatibility of vancomycin and piperacillin-tazobactam showed greater compatibility with 0.9% sodium chloride than with 5% dextrose.
At the lowest tested concentration, vancomycin was compatible with all tested piperacillin-tazobactam Table 1.
727 50080 Zaragoza Spain Abstract Graft incompatibility in many apricot combinations grafted on Prunus rootstocks is manifested by the breakdown of the trees at the union area that can occur some years after grafting.
On the contrary, the combinations ‘Moniquí’ on Myrobalan 29C and ‘Moniquí’ on Ishtara produce a poor development of the graft union, similar to that of the incompatible control combination.
In addition, six isolates attained higher soybean biomass production compared with B. diazoeﬃciens USDA110, suggesting high symbiotic compatibility with soybean.
East (1940) reported borage to be self-incompatible with some populations as facultative outbreeders.
She said that the failure of the majority of compatible pollinations to produce the full complement of four seeds suggested that the incompatibility reaction could be expressed after fertili- zation, resulting in the abortion of potential seeds.
An incompatibility has been found for natural rocks (quartzite) and sand.
Quartzite compatibility with 4 different vegetable oils The quartzite compatibility with 4 different vegetable oils (rape- seed, soybean, palm and jatropha) has been investigated.
Quartzite has been chosen because of its already proven compatibility with molten salts and its worldwide availability.
compatibility in the plant-pathogenic fungus, Cochliobolus heterostrophus.
Self-(in)compatibility was tested in 40 new apricot cultivars from European breeding programmes.
Self-incompatibility is common in apricot cul- tivars of Central Asian and Iranian-Caucasian ecogeographical groups.
(1997), studying fruit set, found that Italian apricot cvs Palummella and Pisana are self-compatible.
The increasing number of self-incompatible cul- tivars in the last years can be explained by using Asian or North American self-incompatible cul- tivars in breeding programmes that aim to create new genotypes with the traits such as: Plum pox virus resistance (Badenes, Llácer 2006; Karay- iannis 2006; Krška et al.
Use of these cultivars in apricot breeding can lead to the devel- opment of new, undesirable, self-incompatible se- lections.
Self- and cross-(in)compatibility between important apricot culti- vars in northwest Iran.
In vitro investigations on pollen quality, production and self incompatibility of some apricot varieties in Malatya - Turkey.
Thermodynamic predictions based on elemental Al and Ti indicated that Al is compatible with AlBr3, while Ti would be reactive.
Based on the results from 110 isolates, they suggested that some VCGs are more common than others and that vegetative compatibility may be a way to identify strains of and F. oxysporutn .
He obtained two comple- mentary, but uncharacterized, nit mutants and used them to assess heterokaryon formation and vegetative compatibility.
Vegetative com- patibility and self-incompatibility within Fusarium oxysporutn f.sp.
Rifampin and amiodarone were also found to be incompatible with the neonatal TPN solution.
High-density polyethylene grafted with the blocked isocyanate group (HDPE-g-BHI) was used as a reactive compatibilizer for an immiscible high-density polyethylene/poly(ethylene terephthalate) (HDPE/PET) blend.
The HDPE-g-BHI/PET blend showed the smaller size of a dispersed phase compared to the HDPE/PET blend, indicating improved compatibility between HDPE and PET.
Dagli and Kamdar,9 to compatibilize the HDPE/PET blends, tested four functionalized polymers: the maleated ethylene propylene copol- ymer, the ethylene/glycidyl methacrylate copoly- mer (E/GMA), SEBS-g-MA, and HDPE-g-MA.
Boutevin et al.10 synthesized, as a compatibilizer, HDPE grafted with the following comonomers: methyl methacrylate, hydroxyethyl methacry- late, GMA, MA, and ethyl acrylate (EA).
We prepared HI by the reaction of 2-hydroxyethyl methacrylate (HEMA) with isophorone diisocya- nate (IPDI) and studied the compatibilizing effect of the isocyanate group on reactive blends of PE and engineering plastics.
Blend Morphology HDPE/PET blend produces two-phase materials because of their chemical incompatibility.
throughput, loses Unfortunately, despite the above, it was also shown that TCP Vegas and Reno are incompatible in wired networks when both coexist.
We assume that the latter provide compatibility to a certain extent with hydrophobic polymers such as PCL and PS.
It is shown that residual lignin in microfibrillated ligno- cellulose (MFLC) is of amphiphilic char- acter, which provides compatibility with the hydrophobic polymers polycaprolac- tone and polystyrene.
Despite the poor performances observed, the experiment allows the assessment of the compatibility of B. subtilis and licheniformis with the considered coccidiostat and with formic acid.
Calcium hydrogen phosphate dihydrate was compatible with cipro- ﬂoxacin hydrochloride [52] and peﬂoxacin mesilate [53].
The addition of BF-g-LA effectively improved the compatibility between PLA and BF.
However,	high	percentages	of	dioecious	and	 self‐incompatible	 species	 have	 been	 reported	 for	 some	 islands,	 possibly	 resulting	 from	post‐colonization	evolution.
AL lily hybrids with the Asiatic hybrids as the female parent and Longiflorum hybrids as male parent have strong cross-incompatibility, and there have been no successful reports yet.
We analyzed lily cross-compatibility of Asiatic hybrids, Oriental hybrids, Longiflorum hybrids, Trumpet lilies, LA hybrids, OT hybrids and LO hybrids by intraspecific- cross and interspecific-cross.
Altogether, the combinations of LA hybrids as the female parent and Asiatic hybrids as the male parent had a high compatibility; 17 out of 21 combinations obtained swollen fruit even with embryo (80.95%).
Eight combinations of OT hybrids as the female parent and Oriental hybrid as the male parent had a high compatibility and all obtained swollen fruit with albuminous seeds (100.00%) (Table 6).
OT hybrids as the female parent and Asiatic hybrids as the male parent had a high compatibility, in which three of seven combinations obtained swollen fruit with albuminous seeds, but the total number of albuminous seeds was inadequate and did not get filial generation.
ALMOND (Prunus amygdalus Batsch), with very few exceptions, is a self-incompatible species (Socias i Company, 1977).
DISCUSSION Assessment of self-compatibility The genetical self-compatibility of 'Guara' was confirmed by the pollen tube growth pat tern and the fruit set after hand pollination.
A spectrum sharing model for compatibility between IMT- advanced and digital broadcasting.
In this work, environmentally friendly epoxidized soybean oil (ESO) is used for the compatibilization of PLA/PBAT blends through the chemical reaction of ESO with terminated hydroxyl groups of the two phases.
The compatibilization mechanism of ESO was analyzed by Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy and diﬀerential scanning calorimetry testing, and the results prove that ESO could react with PLA and PBAT to form a chemical bonding interface.
Therefore, the two is relatively high, and the compatibility is poor.
Regarding the PLA/PBAT blends, epoxy compounds could also be used as compatibilizer through the reaction between epoxy groups and hydroxyl groups.
ESO can react with the terminated hydroxyl groups of PLA and PBAT, which leads to a chemical bonding between them and thereby improves the compatibilization of the PLA/PBAT composites.
In this case, compati- bility could be enhanced either by speciﬁc interac- tions between the highly polar imide groups and the PC or by internal repulsions in the copolymer between the MMA and the glutarimide units.
improved compatibility due to the higher polarity of the imide group.
Several laboratory studies have investigated the compatibility of Orius and Amblysei- us species for control of thrips.
Extrapolation of our laboratory studies with O. insid- iosus and A. degenerans suggested that these two predators may show some degree of incompatibility if used for con- trol of F. occidentalis on cut roses.
The results showed that all the binders based on BAMO had good compatibility with cyclotrimethylenetrinitramine, cyclotetramethylenetetranitroamine and hexanitrohexazaiso-wurtzitane.
Not all progressive output DVD players convert from interlaced to progressive in a 3D compatible way, however, it is known that some Panasonic DVD players do (such as the Panasonic DMR-E65, Panasonic DVD-S55 (NSTC only), and Panasonic DVD-S47 (possibly NTSC only)).
Poly (methyl meth- acrylate) PMMA, on the other hand, demonstrated to form highly conducting gel electrolytes (10-3 S cm-1) at room temperature[7-9,11,13] and also they have been shown to possess higher Li+ transference numbers than PEO and good compatibility with lithium[13].
Although, most of the salts contain fluorine, LiN(C2F5SO2)2 and LiN(CF3SO2)2 offer excellent compatibility with lithium metal.
Cimetidine hydrochloride 300 mg and cefamandole nafate 1000 mg were incompatible when mixed with 5% dextrose injection 50 ml.
The stimuli were presented on IBM-compatible microcomputers, with 14-inch VGA colour monitors.
This is probably due to the compatibility between the polar XNBR and the non-polar EPDM.
This is probably due to the compatibility between the polar XNBR and the non- polar EPDM.
Moreover, PLA and PPC were compatible.
DSC indicated that PLA and PPC were partially miscible but compatible to some extent because of the similar chemical natures of the blend components.
TGA showed that the compatibility of PLA and PPC enhanced the thermal stability of PPC in the blends.
A study of the mechanical properties versus the composi- tion and the strain versus the stress illustrated that there was good compatibility between PLA and PPC, and the phase inversion of the PLA/PPC system occurred between 70 and 60 wt % PLA in the PLA/PPC blends.
This indi- cates that PLA/PPC blends are partially misci- ble but compatible to some extent because of the Figure 3.
CONCLUSIONS FTIR, DSC, TGA, and mechanical properties illustrate that PLA and PPC are partially misci- ble but are compatible to some extent because of the similar chemical natures of the blend com- ponents.
The compatibility of PLA and PPC enhances Tg and Tmax of PPC in blends.
Friese8 has only quoted his unpublished data on this subject which indicate that PVC forms compatible blends with polychloroprene while chlorinated polyiso- prene blends with PVC were stated to be incompatible.
Indeed, compatibility of entomopathogenic fungal control agents with botanical products to manage insect pests such as whiteﬂies has been examined for neem (a steroid-like triterpenoid) extracted from the seeds of the Indian neem tree Azadirachta indica A. Juss (Meliaceae).
In vitro and in Planta compatibility of insecticides and the endophytic entomopathogen, Lecanicillium lecanii.
Fully and partially self-incompatible species formed the largest group, followed by self-compatible non-selfers and mixed mating species.
SI and partially SI species represented the most abun- dant plant groups, although the exact afﬁliation to the mating system depended on the arbitrary threshold of self-incompati- bility indices.
Haddadchi A., Fatemi M. (2015) Self-compatibility and ﬂoral traits adapted for self-pollination allow homostylous Nymphoides (Menyan- thaceae) to persist in marginal habitats.
The three levels of Hs were combined factorially with the three degrees of S-R compatibility, and six Ss were assigned at random to each of the nine conditions with the sole restriction that the male-to female ratio in each group was 4/2.
The Hansen double sphere plot for biocrude-SRGO blend shows weak overlap between the two spheres, which indicates the poor compatibility of HTL biocrude with SRGO (Figure 2a).
The results showed that the HTL biocrude is immiscible in SRGO, which corroborate the theoretically predicted low values of compatibility.
Based on miscibility studies with pure solvents to enhance the compatibility, solvent mixtures with HSPs fitting with that of biocrude were determined and tested as dispersing agents for the biocrude-SRGO blend.
The presence of oxygenates such as ketones, carboxylic acids and phenol derivatives in substantial amounts in the HTL biocrude, causes a svere threat to the compatibility with SRGO.
The heavy fractions with higher aromatic and aliphatic contents can be expected to show high compatibility in SRGO.
It was observed that the molecular structure of the biocrude and its components plays a crucial role in determining their compatibility in the SRGO.
The present study proved that the fractional distillation is an efficient concept for the separation of oxygen rich light fractions from raw biocrude to improve its compatibility with SRGO.
The very low polarity changes by decreasing oxygen contents suggest that these biocrudes would be expected to be highly compatible with the SRGO.
.., fm are functionally compatible.
Green Propellants Based on Dinitramide Salts 195 This polymer is in itself sufficiently compatible with ADN.
In addition to these materials, hyperbranched poly-3-ethyl-(hydroxymethyl)oxetane (poly-TMPO) has been shown to be surprisingly compatible.
Amines have been shown to be incompatible in several cases.
Dimethyl amines have proved exceedingly stable when present in the solvent DMF, while incompatible when situated on a phenyl group, such as N-dimethyl aniline.
It is recognized that PVC causes the largest and the most numerous interactions with drugs, whereas polyethylene or polypropylene materials are considered more compatible.
These drugs have been chosen according to their known uncompatibility with PVC bags.
distribution called the w distribution5 as incompatible with the triangle structures.
), a member of the Rosaceae, carries the RNase-dependent gameto- phytic self-incompatibility (GSI) fertilization system.
is a subtropical evergreen fruit tree of the family Rosaceae, subfamily Maleae, which carries the RNase-dependent gametophytic self-incompatibility (GSI) fer- tilization system.
GDC and SDC are chemically compatible with the following cathode material, LSMCo0.2.
The vegetative compatibility of 128 isolates of Verticillium dahliae from spearmint and pepper- mint in the western and midwestern United States was determined.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticillium dahliae from orna- mental woody plants.
Vegeta- tive compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae.
Vegetative compatibility has been identified as a system of subspecific classification in many host– pathogen systems, including Verticillium spp.
Aggressiveness of Verticillium dahliae isolates from different vege- tative compatibility groups to potato and tomato.
Their ﬁnding that varieties possessing the wide‐compatibility gene (WCG), called widely compatible varieties (WCVs), produce normal fertile hybrids when crossed with either indica or japonica paved the way for exploiting indica/japonica hybrids.
indica, japonica, and javanica, and cross-compatible progenitor wild/weedy species, viz.
This success was mainly due to the fact that the local varieties of the United States were relatively more compatible with both indica and japonica germplasm.
Asian cultivated rice O. sativa, its three subspecies, namely, indica, japo- nica, and javanica, and allied wild/weedy progenitor species, for instance, though sharing the common genome ‘‘A,’’ their genetic distinctness and, hence, reduced degree of compatibility make gene transfer even among the subspecies diYcult.
However, spectrum and level of compatibility vary among the WCVs.
An analysis of hybrid sterility in rice using a diallele cross of 21 parents involving indica‐japonica and wide compatibility varieties.
The high level of wide compatibility of variety ‘‘Dular’’ has a complex genetic basis.
Segregation distortion via male gametes in hybrids between indica and japonica or wide compatibility varieties of rice (Oryza sativa L.).
In addition, incompatibility may ∗ −1 anhydrous HTP Tel.
Thiotepa was demonstrated to be incompatible with only 2 other drugs, cisplatin and minocycline.
The common compatibility ratio of Fuzi and Renshen was 2: 1 and 1: 1.
The SEBS-MA has been shown to be a good compatibilizer in blends of PP and pA15–17.
This demonstrates that SEBS is a poor compatibilizer for PP– PA blends.
The PA-grafted thermo- plastic elastomer formed under melt mixing conditions is an effective compatibilizer for PP–PA blends.
The compatibilizing additives used, SEBS and SEBS-MA, are both soluble in xylene, while the polyamides are soluble in formic acid and PP is insoluble in both at room temperature.
CONCLUSIONS In uncompatibilized, as well as, compatibilized PP–PA blends containing equal weight fractions of PP and PA, polypropylene forms the continuous matrix phase.
the thermoplastic elastomer Even at high concentrations (25% by weight), SEBS is a poor compatibilizer for PP–PA blends.
Paclitaxel, lorazepam, and miconazole are not compati ble with polyvinyl chloride containers and equipment; for these drugs, 5% dextrose injection in polyolefin bagse was used as the diluent.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Cercospora kikuchii, the causal agent of Cercospora leaf blight and pur- ple seed stain in soybean.
d Heterokaryon self-incompatible.
Isolates NC and PR were self-incompatible.
Vegetative compatibility grouping in Verticillium nigrescens and V. tricorpus.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Colletotrichum coccodes, the casual agent of black dot on potato.
The resulting IL-GPE has sufﬁcient mechanical properties and has fairly good compatibility with LTO anode and can be used as the electrolyte in lithium ion batteries.
In general, these authors reported that palm biodiesel was compatible with fluoro-viton.
The aim of this work was to determine the compatibility of four different commercial sealing elastomers, namely, a fluoroelastomer (FKM), silicone rubber (VMQ), neoprene/chloroprene (CR), and ethylene-propylene-diene monomer (EPDM), with pure JO, pure EMO, as well as with a blend of JO and EMO (80-20%).
According to the results obtained from the standard methods, good compatibility was found for the four elastomers with JO.
Thus, VMQ was the most compatible with Jatropha lubricant.
Palm and soybean biodiesel compatibility with fuel system elastomers.
St–BA graft copolymers constituted the compatibilizer of the PS–PBA phases.
Co.) ranked very low for IPM-compatibility based on their relatively high toxicity to all species tested.
This makes additional NaOH very compatible with the nielt.
The introduction of the very polarizable I- ions offers even better screening to the cations of the system and thus promotes considerable additive compatibility.
Inbreeding symptoms have been observed in its oVspring, although the whole range of Wtness could be observed among its seedlings and some self-compatible ones have shown a good vigour and high density of good quality Xowers (Alonso and Socias i Com- pany 2005c).
The progenies belong to the almond-breeding programme of the Unidad de Fruticul- tura from the Centro de Investigación y Tecnología Agroalimentaria de Aragón (CITA) aiming to obtain new self-compatible and late blooming cultivars.
1997, 2003) comprising 1 h at 150 V, 1 h at 300 V and 3 h at 400 V, obtaining a right separation of the S1 and S3 RNases, corresponding to the only two incompatibility alle- les present in these populations.
The increase in the number of self- incompatible seedlings in the ‘Ferralise’ oVspring may suggest a mechanism acting against inbreeding, favouring the survival of self-incompatible seedlings, those requiring cross-pollination to produce the new generation.
discovered that PPC, poly(3-hydroxy- butyrate) and poly(vinyl acetate) blends are partially compati- ble.14 Pang et al.
Thus, the calorimetric data are qualitatively consistent with the high compatibility of ovalbumin and BSA.
We are perplexed that in a compatible blend containing a large excess (98%) of the novolac resin only a modest concentration of the carbonyl groups of the PEMA is accessible.
Thus compatibility can be achieved for a larger selection of colours.
They exhibit compatibility over a greater range of colours, since the critical temperature ranges of the primary combinations are prolonged and thus overlap to a greater degree.
Considering all the above mentioned characteristics together with acceptable biocompatibility and the carbohydrate-based composition of the Pantoan-Fe complex, this novel compound holds great promise for biological, medical, and industrial applications as an iron supplement and even formulating new functional foods with a potentially positive effect on health beyond basic nutrition.
(Deuteromycetes) com Extratos de Sementes e Folhas e o Óleo Emulsionável de Nim RESUMO – A compatibilidade de uma formulação comercial de óleo emulsionável de nim (Azadirachta indica A.
Under the tested concentrations, the oil was not compatible with B. bassiana, inhibiting conidia vegetative growth significantly and decreasing production and viability of conidia, particularly at higher concentrations.
Neem seed and leaf extracts were compatible with the entomopathogen in all concentrations.
The objective of this study was to molecularly identify S. rolfsii isolates in Turkey, and to detect their virulence and mycelial compatibility groups, using some domestic bac- terial and fungal isolates under greenhouse conditions.
The present study investigates the reproductive compatibility between four populations of C. sesamiae from West Africa and Kenya with the noctuid Sesamia calamistis as the host using reciprocal crosses as well as backcrosses of hybrid females with males of the parental populations.
Thus, there was a partial reproductive incompatibility between KI and West African populations which suggested that the latter were infected with Wolbachia sp.
We found that good compatibility between the dyes and spiro-OMeTAD was important.
The –CH3 group was moderately compatible, and the –F group was poorly compatible with the spiro-OMeTAD.
A biopesticde with a neem compatible isolate of B. bassiana will enable their simultaneous use in pest management.
Materials and methods Compatibility tests A sample of 30 isolates of B. bassiana from disparate insect hosts and geographic regions was screened for compatibility with neem oil (Table I).
Neem was found to have a synergistic effect when used together with B. bassiana only when the fungal isolate was compatible with neem.
We evaluated the compatibility of I. fumosorosea blastospores with a range of spray oils and copper-based fungicides registered for use in citrus groves.
In the UK, Lecanicillium muscarium and B. bassiana conidia were found to be compatible with many, but not all, active ingredients (including petroleum oils) used for control of Bemisia tabaci [58,59].
Self-incompatibility systems are common in the genus Theobroma, and have been extensively studied in cocoa.
Besides being an essentially allogamous species, with selfing rates of nearly zero, cupuassu also presents inter-clonal incompatibility, which is directly proportional to the degree of relationship between the involved parents (Falcão et al.
Some half-sib crossings were so incompatible that they could not produce any fruit.
Measured compatibility matrix, average compatibility rate (ACR), standard deviation (SD), and percentage of high crossings (PHC) among the crossings made with 16 genotypes of T. grandiflorum (parents of the BRS Carimbó variety) in 2010 and 2011 in Belém and Tomé Açu, Pará State, Brazil.
Carbon-dioxide treatment partially overcomes self-incompatibility in a cocoa genotype.
It is shown that the calculated interaction energy between PP and POSS 1450 (50.21 kJ/mol) is greater than that between PP and POSS 1458 (32.15 kJ/mol), which allows the molecules to compatible better and exhibit better affinity.
is incompatible the Jaffe-Randall form.
Among polymer blends, PBS has received much attention since it very compatible with PLA6.
Self-compatibility varies from low to very low, and plants of high self-fertility, not uncommon in other species, have not been found.
tested sodium bicar- bonate l meq/mL and cefmetazole sodium by us- ing a Y-site administration set and found the two drugs to be compatible.
Dimer is an excellent dimeric model for PC and is compatible with HPC.
In this view diafenthiuron, a novel insecticide which inhibits ATP synthesis, used widely for pest management in cardamom, was tested for its compatibility with agrochemicals viz., fungicides and nutrients normally used in the crop.
But the bioeﬃcacy study on Conogethes punctiferalis in the laboratory and bioeﬃcacy studies in the ﬁeld against Sciothrips cardamomi reveal that diafenthiuron is incompatible and should not be sprayed along with fungicides like mancozeb and copper oxychloride.
Fungicide carbendazim is found to be compatible so it can be used in the ﬁeld both mixed together for control of insect pests and damping oﬀ or panicle rot in cardamom.
SUMMARY Fifty-three white clover clones were evaluated for pseudo-self-compatibility by manipulation of flowering heads.
Unfortunately, low MFI makes PE diﬃcult to be dispersed and leads to poor compatibility with asphalt.
While MDPE shows the poorest compatibility with asphalt.
From this perspective, LLDPE and LDPE are most compatible with asphalt based on their ﬁne morphology and small particle distribution.
This explains why MDPE has the poorest compatibility with asphalt.
That illustrates why the LLDPE and LDPE are compatible with asphalt and their low performance is good.
Low MFI makes PE diﬃcult to be dispersed and leads to poor compatibil- ity with asphalt.
While MDPE shows the poorest compatibility with asphalt.
Low MFI makes PE diﬃcult to be dispersed and leads to poor compatibil- ity with asphalt.
Heterokaryon compatibility of unrelated strains in the Aspergillus nidulans group.
De Olivera and Neves (2004) evaluated compatibility of B. bassiana with 12 acari- cides and showed that Avermectin and the Pyrethroids were more compatible with B. bassiana than the others.
The PONNEEM was found to be compatible with Trichogramma chilonis Ishii, an egg parasitoid of many lepidopteran pests, at 0.15, 0.3 and 0.5% concentrations.
Thus, there is no incompatibility between PFH and PEC.
The results suggested that PFH is compatible with A-Tab.
Based on the DSC and HPLC data, PFH is compatible with carbopol.
Based on the DSC and HPLC data, PFH is compatible with magnesium stearate.
The DSC and HPLC were used as a technique to evaluate the compatibility of excipients with the compound.
Styrene/rubber block copolymers were proved to be efﬁcient compatibilizers in blends of PS with other polyoleﬁns such as polyethylene (LDPE and HDPE),[18] PP,[19] ethylene-propylene- diene terpolymer (EPDM),[20] etc.
Low-molecular-weight SEBS appeared to be a more efﬁcient compatibilizer in PP/PS blends than high-molecular-weight SEBS.
Thermal compatibility between C6F12O-air and copper Copper is widely used as a current-carrying conductor in all kinds of GIE.
Stability of meropenem in saline and dex- trose solutions and compatibility with po- tassium chloride.
They concluded that there is a certain incompatibility (gas degradation and copper corrosion) of nitrile 1 with copper at such elevated temperatures.
Douhan and John- son (8) found that isolates of V. dahliae collected from infected mint plants grow- ing in the western and midwestern United States nearly all belonged to vegetative compatibility group (VCG) 2B.
Vegetative compatibility analysis of the isolates of V. dahliae that we tested from Columbia Basin soils planned for potato production revealed that 93% were in VCG 4A, the pathotype most aggressive on po- tato.
An evalua- tion of the known chemical composition of soybean was undertaken and by compounding artificial beans and attempting to breed C. chinensis in them, further evidence on the incompatibility of the species with this legume was obtained.
Visual compatibility of haloperidol lactate with 0.9'!
In the experiment, the compatibility of Rheum palmatum L. with Aconitum carmichaelii Debx.
The results indicated that the combination ratio- nality was not only based on the antagonistic action sim- ply but also came from the restraint of strong and quick effect of rhubarb owing to the herb ingredient interac- tion of compatibility in vivo.
It was found that copolymers of ortho-fluorostyrene with para-chlorostyrene containing 15-74 mol 7'0 p-C1S are compatible with PPO in all proportions.
Copolymers of para-fluorostyrene with para-chlo- rostyrene, as well as copolymers of para-fluorostyrene with ortho-chlorostyrene appear to he in- compatible with PPO at 210OC.
as well as the compatibility of ortho- fluorostyrene-co-para -fluorostyrene (o-FS-co-p -FS) in blends with PPO8~lo depends on the copolymer composition.
Yet, since the pure homopolymers are also incompatible, it is reasonable to suppose that at 210°C, no copolymers of p-FS and p-CIS are compatible with PPO.
In addition, the compatibility and the transition widths of the PPO/poly(o- FS-co-p-CIS) and PPO/poly(o-FS-co-o-C1S) systems were studied as a function of blend composition.
At the copolymer composition extremes, the two tran- sitions of the incompatible poly(p-C1S) and poly(o-FS) with PPO blends have the same width as the unblended components.
The results reviewed here indicate that in the poly(o-FS-co-p-FS) and poly(o-FS-co-o-C1S) systems, there exists a high degree of influence of the co- polymer structure on the compatibility with PPO.
The range of compatibility and the degree of compatibility is much wider in the blends of PPO and copolymers of o-FS with p-C1S.
Two Tg transitions derived from different blends indicate the poor compatibility of PP and PES.
The inward shifting of Tg tran-sitions implies the improvement of compatibility between PP and PES.
However, even if a larger amount of PES is blended with PP, the compatibility fails to be improved further because the excessive PES cannot react with the fixed amount of IATE to graft onto PP molecule chains.
Using the results from the experiments with the 100-mL glass bottles, a series of formulations were created to system- atically probe the breadth of the compatibility zone.
Field pollination showed that ‘Kuerlexiangli’ had a fruit set percentage of 4.0% on self-pollination displaying typical self- incompatibility (SI), while 84% of selfed flower of ‘Sha 01’ set fruits showing self-compatibility (SC).
Most of these diploid plants are self-incompatible; in contrast, the tetra- ploid derivatives of these plants are usually self-compatible.
In European pears (Sanzol 2009), two cultivars, ‘Abugo’ and ‘Ceremeno’, were classified as self-compatible after fruit/seed setting and pollen tube growth examination.
The reason behind this is the compatibility between MNR and NR which has similar backbone.
In agreement with thermo- dynamic predictions, A12O3 was found to be completely compatible with Fe-4OA1.
This means that the PK/SAN polymer blend is partially compatible in the amorphous region.
Thus, it is envisaged that the amorphous component of PK is partially compatible with SAN.
Therefore, SAN48 is more compatible with PK polymer than SAN40.
The compatibility of TNT-polyester and TNT-PA systems Typical DSC curves of pure polyester, PA, TNT and 50/50 TNT-polyester 50/50 TNT-PA contains 79.OO”C is caused by the phase change of TNT are shown peak and one exothermic mixtures one endothermic in Fig.
11), revealing that there is no compatibility between PA66 and chitin.
The morphological observations reinforce the FTIR and DSC measurements in the sense that PA/QN blends are more compatible, because of the stronger hydrogen bonds, compared to PA/QA blends.
Drugs with widely differing pH will almost certainly be incompatible.
Palm and soybean biodiesel compatibility with MelloV.S.,MedeirosJ.S.
Although the microbiological assays demonstrated some variability, kanamycin sulfate and disodium carbenicillin also appeared compatible with Intropin-5% dextrose ad­ mixture for 24 hours at room temperature.
Amphotericin B and Intropin were physically incompatible.
Although all four species possess the characteristics of cultivated plants to varying extents and are used in cultivation, none is far removed from the wild, and all are fully cross-compatible with related wild-type m a .
1 5.6 5.3 5.0 0 4.0 0 3.0 0 Crosses between L. mutabilis and European species ofLupinus The compatibility of the South American species, L. mutabilis, in hybridizations with European species was tested in reciprocal crosses with L. albus, L. angustfolius and L. lutew.
The PrBaCo2O5+δ cathode powder and Ce0.8Sm0.2O1.9 electrolyte powder show good chemical compatibility at a temperature much higher than the working temperature of IT-SOFCs.
It showed a good compatibility between the roots of O. violaceus and the plant-growing concrete.
This suggested that PAN was partially compatible with PBMA.
These interactions occur in molecular level and indicate the existence of of partial compatibility between PBMA and PAN.
3364 GE AND XIAO compatibility of the two polymers was partly produced by the intermolecular interactions between the PBMA and PAN molecules during blending.
Self-incompatibility is a strategy of flowering plants to prevent self-pollination and promote outcrossing1 .
In Rosaceae, this mechanism is determined by a Gametophytic Self- Incompatibility System (GSI) that is mainly controlled by the multiallelic locus S2 .
To obtain novel blood compatible elastomers, the surface of the SPU was modiﬁed with 2-methacryloyloxyethyl phosphorylcholine (MPC) by forming a semi-interpenetrating polymer network (semi-IPN).
concluded that the MS-IPN would be a novel blood compatible elastomer.
It was concluded that lipoic acid is compatible with sodium ascorbate.
Based on DSC, FT-IR and HPLC results, lipoic acid was found to be incompatible with methyl p-hydroxybenzoate, propyl p-hydroxybenzoate, butylated hydroxytoluene, non ionic self emulsifying wax, propylene glycol and acetylated lanolin.
DSC results points toward some incompatibility between lipoic acid– propylene glycol mixture.
The reason is that the compatibility between BR, SBR, NR and asphalt gets worse gradually.
3 Alfentanil hydrochloride is also compatible with sodium chloride 0.9% and storage temperatures have no impact on stability.
Crosses in separated experimental Reproductive compatibility tests were conducted with the N. paspalivorus populations from PB and RN, which were the most morphometrically distant according to the CVA.
Previous studies have reported reproductive incompatibility among three geographically distant, N. pas- palivorus populations (Benin, Ghana and Brazil) because of their association with different endosymbionts.
The reactivity of the enamine and the presence of water also limits the range of compati- ble electrophiles.
Distinguishing characteristics and vegetative compatibility of Colletotrichum kahawae in comparison with other related species from coffee.
Although self-incompatible R. .s~llv~~tri.s rarely sets seed in nature, indicating that plants within most sites arc genetically the same clone, intraspecific crossing data, chromosome information, and field observations indicate that North American R. sylvestris results from the vegetative introduction of many different genotypes.
Six drugs (ceftriaxone, cisatracurium, fluconazole, ni- troglycerin, potassium chloride, and vaso- pressin) were determined to be chemically compatible with drotrecogin alfa; two drugs (cyclosporine and ticarcillin–clavulanate) were chemically incompatible with drotre- cogin alfa after Y-site mixing.
Based on these data, cyclosporine was considered chemi- cally incompatible with drotrecogin alfa.
Based on this, attempts were made to place TOL into a Psevdomonas plasmid incompatibility group and by showing that pND2 is incompatible with the R plasmid R2, TOL has been placed into the P-9 group.
The NAH catabolic plasmid has been reported to be incompatible with TOL, pND2 and a variety of other plasmids derived from TOL.
Although NAH and TOL are incompatible with each other (Austen & Dunn, 1977), their incompatibility relationship to other plasmids has not been reported.
Sex specific phage which plates on strains harbouring P-l group plasmids Characteristics Catabolic plasmid which encodes the degradation of the toluates and other aromatic compounds *Catabolic plasmid derived from TOL; selected through its stability in PAO3 Catabolic plasmid which encodes the degradation of naphthalene P-l incompatibility group R plasmid.
Cbr, Tcr and Nm'/Km' P-9 incompatibility group R plasmid.
Cbr, Smr and Sur P-10 incompatibility group R plasmid.
These results suggest that pND2 belongs to the P-9 incompatibility group.
The plasmids pND2 and R2 were found to be incompatible.
This data suggests that all our catabolic plasmids belong to the P-9 incompatibility group.
mansoni was used as an incompatible association and T. ocellata, a compatible parasite of L. stagnalis, was used as a control.
For example, NaCMC is partially compatible with Poviargolum (polymeric composite of silver metal nanoparticles stabilized with polyvinylpyrrolidone) [20] and is fully compatible with poly-N-vinylformamide (PVFA) [21].
(2) Sodium salt of carboxymethyl cellulose is compatible with hydroxypropyl cellulose throughout the examined range of compositions.
In composite ﬁ lms of partially ionized carboxymethyl cellulose (α = 0.5) with hydroxypropyl cellulose, the polymers are compatible at hydroxypropyl cellulose content of up to 40 wt %.
They have reported that the PET and LCP readily undergo trans-esteriﬁcation reactions, and it is well documented that PET can also be transesteriﬁed with polyacrylates (22, 23), thus the ternary blends studied here are able to undergo trans- esteriﬁcation to form compatible ternary blends.
Overall, the results of adsorption and surface energy clearly indicates that physical modification with animal and vegetable proteins represents a simple and effective strategy to tailor the surface properties of PLA and CNF and to improve their compatibility.
CONCLUSIONS We demonstrate the use of proteins as compatibilizers and eco-friendly dispersants in systems comprising cellulose nanofibrils (CNF) and polylactic acid (PLA).
The compatible nature of the reciprocal crossings between P. mugo and P. sylvestris has also been confirmed in an exper- iment with three P. sylvestris and two P. mugo parental trees (Kormutak et al.
A rela- tively high proportion of filled seeds obtained in the reciprocal crossing P. mugo × P. sylvestris suggests its partial compati- bility.
Under natural conditions, a very low compatibility of this combina- tion is supported by the finding of P. sylvestris cpDNA hap- lotypes in P. mugo and P. uliginosa individuals on some lo- calities of Central Europe (Wachowiak et al.
Argatroban was chemi- cally compatible with eptifibatide and tirofiban.
Argatroban was chemically compatible with eptifibatide and tirofiban.
Among the ﬁve isolates tested, S. marcescens proved to be the most suitable and compatible isolate with T. harzianum, with high enzymatic levels detected in co- inoculations.
TH was observed to have better compatibility with SM and SG than TV.
Consequently, PLLA and PGA are forced to be compatible through the action of OMMT.
All the results indicated that the compatibility of PLLA and Fig.
Under all of the conditions stud­ ied, esmolol hydrochloride in 5% dextrose and 0.9% sodium chloride injection is compatible with mor­ phine sulfate or fentanyl citrate.
Polymers 1 and 2 are incompatible.
This is due to the fact that a portion of PVME will be compatible with PS.
For instance, compatibility of PS with poly(n-butyl acrylate) is achieved by introducing 4.4 mol.
It was thus concluded that the compatibility of nylon-6 with PF resins is limited (to 3% of PF resins).
These results show that the addition of an REC improves the compatibility of PHBH and PLA.
The REC is a reactive epoxy compatibilizer prepared from glycidyl methacrylate and styrene using suspension polymerization.
This change indicated that the REC improved the compatibility of PHBH and PLA to some degree.
These results suggest that REC reacts with PHBH and PLA in a manner that enhances their compatibility and improves the thermal stability of the PHBH/PLA blend.
These results show conclusively that the addition of an REC as a compatibilizer improves the compatibility of PHBH/ PLA blends.
compatibility of the two substances and improving the mechanical properties of the PHBH/PLA/REC blend in comparison with the PHBH/PLA blend without REC.
The improved characteristics of the PHBH/PLA/REC blend were caused by the interaction of the epoxide group of the REC with PHBH and PLA, which increased their compatibility.
We tested the conversion capacity of the six vegetative compatibility (vc) types of C. parasitica isolates most commonly distributed in Castilla y León (EU1, EU11, EU12, EU66, CL5 and CL6).
They examined the physical compatibility and chemical stability of paclitaxel 0.3 and 1.2 mglml combined with cisplatin 0.2 mglml in sodium chloride 0.9%, and with carboplatin 2 mglml in either sodium chloride 0.9% or dextrose 5%.
Both CVD methods are compatible with the microelectronics technology.
Welschriesling showed good compatibility with all examined rootstocks.
Methyl sulfate and butyllithium are also mutually compatible in THF at -78"C, and in this solvent all of the bromines in 2 can be replaced by methyl groups.
Thus if B. choanomphala, which is an efﬁcient intermediate host in Lake Victoria, is given an opportunity to occupy Lake Albert, it will most likely be compatible with the Albertine S. mansoni parasites.
The From compatibility studies with S. mansoni, the different species may have overlapping and compensatory roles in maintaining local transmission.
On the other hand, B. pfeifferi does not vary in compatibility by ori- gin.
This clearly demonstrates how well compatible B. stanleyi is with its own local parasite and thus an effective interme- diate host.
The ﬁndings further prove that B. choanomphala, given an opportunity to exist in Lake Albert, is deﬁnitely compatible to the Albertine parasite strain.
Plasma grown alumina ﬁlms in this preliminary attempt have been found to be compatible with static Pb–17Li.
CBB has enjoyed widespread popularity due to its ease of use and compatibil- ity with MS.
It includes glutaraldehyde in the sensitization solution and is noted as being a MS incompatible method.
Yan SN and He SN omit the glutaraldehyde in the sensitization solution, and are described as MS-compatible methods.
Moreover, Neuhoff CCB presents superior compatibility with MALDI-TOF MS.
HA, a linear natural polymer composed of D-glucoronic acid and N-acetyl-D-glucosamine, has been demonstrated to be effective for blood compatibility.
Average number of homotypic and heterotypic matings recorded in mating compatibility studies in walk-in field cages using wild Bactrocera oleae popula- tions from Croatia (Cro), France (Fr), Italy (It), and Spain (Sp), and a laboratory hybrid strain from Israel/Greece (Is/Gr).
Mating compatibility among populations of codling moth Cydia pomonella Linnaeus (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae) from different geo- graphic origins.
Mating incompatibil- ity among populations of the South American fruit fly Anastrepha fraterculus (Diptera: Tephritidae).
Giacobbo Universidade Estadual do Rio Grande do Sul UERGS – Unidade de Vacaria Rio Grande do Sul Brazil Evaluation of Graft Compatibility between Quince Rootstocks and Pear Scions P. Francescatto, D. Pazzin, A. Gazolla Neto and J.C. Fachinello Departamento de Fitotecnia FAEM-UFPel Pelotas-RS Brazil Keywords: Cydonia, Pyrus, cultivars, grafting, incompatibility, trunk diameter Abstract Commercial pear varieties worldwide are grafted on rootstocks of Pyrus and Cydonia.
Aiming to compare compatibility levels, 41 five-year-old scion/rootstocks combinations trained in medium/high density (2000 trees/ha) were measured in the region of Pelotas - RS, Brazil during 2007.
A used method to overcome the incompatibility problem between pear and quince trees is the use of intermediate host stock, so-called “interstocks”.
yngii and P populinus was partial, with a mixture of incompatible pairings, matings producing ephemeral dikaryons, and matings producing stable, proliferat- ing dikaryons.
monarius and P. ostreatus (obtained from RHP), and found to be fully or partially compatible with those of both species.
Contact zones of putative compatible pairings were excised and allowed to grow as subcultures for one week.
These results confirmed that NZP was "compatible" with P pulmonarius and P ostrea?
dicate that the unidentified fungus is completely and typically sexually compatible with PULM, but only ar- tifactually so with OSTR.
the S-RNase alleles and cross- Information on incompatibility group can be used to improve cross- pollination during controlled hybridization for breeding.
Main diploid apple cultivars cultivated in Japan and their S-genotypes and known cross-incompatibility groups.
Main Japanese pear cultivars cultivated in Japan and their S-genotypes and known cross-incompatibility groups and self-compatible (SC) cultivars.
Early cross-compatibility tests (Crane and Lewis, 1942) suggested that cross-incompatibility is rarely observed in European pear.
Furthermore, the parthenocarpic nature of this fruit tree species masks the GSI (Moriya et al., 2005); however, more recent pollination tests have shown that cross-incompatibility exists among some cultivars (Sanzol and Herrero, 2002).
In Solanaceae and Maloideae, autotetraploid plants show SC due to the compatibility of heteroallelic pollen.
Probably due its polyploidy, cross- incompatibility groups have never been reported in European plum; therefore, in the following section, the SI of Japanese apricot, apricot, and Japanese plum is reviewed.
Fourteen S-RNase alleles with their DDBJ/GenBank/EMBL accession numbers, cross-incompatibility groups and self-compatible (SC) cultivars in Japanese plum.
Se-haplotype confers self- compatibility in Japanese plum (Prunus salicina Lindl.).
Identification and partial amino acid sequences of seven S-RNases associated with self-incompatibility of Japanese pear, Pyrus pyrifolia Nakai.
S-RNases from self-incompatible and -compatible apple cultivars: purification, cloning, enzymic properties, and pollen tube growth inhibitory activity.
Paterclinal incompatibility in the Japanese pear.
A new self-compatibility haplotype in the sweet cherry ‘Kronio’, S5', attributable to a pollen-part mutation in the SFB gene.
Parthenocarpy and self- and cross- incompatibility in ten European pear cultivars.
Molecular cloning and nucleotide sequences of cDNAs encoding S-allele specific stylar RNases in a self-incompatible cultivar and its self- compatible mutant of Japanese pear, Pyrus pyrifolia Nakai.
A new self-incompatible allele in Japanese pears ‘Shinsei’ and ‘Shinkou’.
Self-compatible peach (Prunus persica) has mutant versions of the S haplotypes found in self-incompatible Prunus species.
Analysis of self-incompatibility-related ribonucleases (S-RNases) in two species of pears, Pyrus communis and Pyrus ussuriensis.
Identification and cDNA cloning for S-RNases in self-incompatible Japanese plum (Prunus salicina Lindl.
The use of the S haplotype-specific F-box protein gene, SFB, as a molecular marker for S-haplotypes and self-compatibility in Japanese apricot (Prunus mume).
On the other hand, the PRSV and mainly the PRSV2 EOSs overshadow this incompatibility to a large extent by the use of additional pure compound parameters.
The results of the compatibility of certain binary mixtures were analyzed using TG/DTG, DSC and IR.
Combina­ tions of melphalan with methylprednisolone sodium succinate, prochlorperazine edisylate, or daunorubicin hydrcxhloride had a very small increase in turbidity but were compatible.
However, combina­ tions with amphotericin B or chlorpromazine hydrochlo­ ride showed large increases in measured turbidity and were incompatible.
Most of the dmgs tested were physically compatible with melphalan.
Consequently, idambicin hy­ drochloride appears to be compatible with melphalan.
Exceptions were combinations with amphotericin B and with chlor- promazine hydrochloride, which exhibited increased turbidity and were incompatible.
Because V. dahliae has no known sexual reproductive cycle, isolates in a single vegetative compatibility group (VCG) are thought to comprise a biologi- cally distinct population, members of which often share specific traits.
Vegetative compatibility among isolates of Verticillium dahliae from potato seed tubers and stems from the western USA.
For example, in the USA it is necessary to take into account adjacent band compatibility for IMT-2000/GSM in the initial band (GSM operates there at a different band as Europe), whilst in some Far-East countries the 2630–2655 MHz band is shared by terrestrial IMT-2000 and Broadcasting Satellite Service (BSS).
Of the six iw.ipicbnts tested, two were found to be incompatible using DSC but both were subsequently found to be compatible based on assay results after two iiionths ;it 60°C and two years at 25°C.
We were interested in determining if there were differences in compatibility of S. mansoni with Biomphalaria sudanica from Lake Victoria, or with B. pfeifferi from streams and smaller water bodies in Kenya.
Our study suggests that S. mansoni from children from Asao primary school, west Kenya is less compatible with B. sudanica from the Kenyan shore of Lake Victoria than with B. pfeifferi from nearby Asao stream.
For instance, low compatibility and low infection rates in B. suda- nica might simply be offset by the vast numbers of B. sudanica populating the shores of Lake Victoria, such that transmission still readily occurs.
We conclude that for the specific schisto- some and snails populations studied, poor compatibility (whether mediated by immunological responses or lack of suitability) are unlikely to be significant impediments for S. mansoni transmission in B. pfeifferi, but may be for B. sudanica.
This is in agreement with literature highlighting both the high degree of compati- bility of B. pfeifferi and the relatively lower compatibility of B. sudanica with S. mansoni.
Overall results demonstrate that RA was compatible with MCC and PVP.
Thus, HPMC and LAC have their use in combination with RA limited to pharmaceutical dosage forms production techniques that do not require high temperature, since in IST, using temperature above room temperature but lower than DSC and TG analyses, no chemical incompatibility were detected.
This study demonstrated for the first time that RA was compatible with MCC and PVP.
Consequently, the FEEDAP Panel concludes that Bacillus subtilis PB6 is compatible with maduramycin ammonium, monensin sodium, narasin and robenidine hydrochloride when added to diets for chickens for fattening.
herbicides, the compatibility agents sometimes increase the uniformity of the mixture.
Vegetative compatibility groups and aggressiveness of North American isolates of Colletotrichum coccodes, the causal agent of po- tato black dot.
The vegetative compatibility of 123 isolates of Colletotrichum coccodes from North America (United States and Canada) originating from potato, tomato, pepper, and mint was tested using nitrate-nonutilizing (nit) mutants.
In a previous study (14), we collected 110 isolates of C. coccodes from European and Israeli potato tubers, roots, and stems and tested their vegetative compatibility.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticillium dahlia in Israel: their distribution and asso- ciation with pathogenicity.
Vegeta- tive compatibility groups within Verticillium dahlia.
SILK exhibits excellent compatibility with PECVD hard masks: good adhesion, stable dielectric constant and no chemical degradation.
A planned monometallic loop exper- iment will help verify the compatibility of V–4Cr– 4Ti in Li at P700 °C.
Combinations of B AS 905 2 with bentazon appeared to be compatible under both greenhouse and field condi ­ tions.
In the present work, we establish the thermal toler- ance and compatibility zone of P. californicus (Califor- nia halibut) in a controlled environment.
The avoidance temperatures serve to delimit the zone of thermal compatibility of the species.
On the basis, PP and PA6 present complimentary properties [1–3], but their blends always are immiscible and exhibit typical two-phase incompatible characters after directly blending because of their differences in chemical structure and polarity.
While OVd16, OVd18 and OVd38 were found to be self-compatible, OVd55 was self-incompatible.
Vegetative compatibility of Verticillium dahliae isolates from olive trees (Olea europea L.) in Algeria.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticil- lium dahliae from ornamental woody plants.
Pathogenicity and vegetative compatibility of Verticillium dahliae isolates from olive in Morocco.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Verticillium dahliae isolates from cotton in Turkey.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae isolates from different hosts in Greece.
Vegetative compatibility groupings of Verticillium dahliae from cotton in mainland China.
PS-g-graphene can be incorporated in the PS-based copolymer matrices with high compatibility, yielding a new class of graphene/polymer composites.
The reduction of PS-grafted GO produces PS-grafted graphene (PS-g-graphene for short), which is soluble in a wide variety of organic solvents, and has a high compatibility with the PS-based copolymer matrices.
and P. radiata both became mycorrhizal with several broad-host-ranging fungi, yet were unable to form mycorrhizas with fungi host specific to each other, indicates that a variety of recognition phenomena may be determining compatibility or incompatibility between these symbionts.
An examination of short roots of the Eucalyptus species inoculated with incompatible ectomycor- rhizal fungi (i.e.
The success of eucalypts and P. radiata in establishment of exotic plantations and as invaders of indigenous communities (Bowen, 1963; Burdon and Chiivers, 1977; Lamb, 1979) can be attributed in part to their compatibility with broad host-ranging fungi.
ha use of nitenpyram is compatible with the natural enemy C. septempunctata in agricultural ecosystems.
Similarly, the wCer2 variant from Rhagoletis cerasi is partially compatible with wMel and wRi (Charlat et al.
This paper deals with an investigation of the compatibility of PCL/SAN blends when the SAN component contains 24 wt %AN; the azeotropic composition when SAN is prepared by radical copolymerization at 60°C.
the compatibility of these SAN/PCL blends.
Disomic control of self-incompatibility in the tetraploid populations of Tragopogon (Asteraceae).
Self-compatibility and incompatibility in tetraploid sweet cherry (Prunus cerasus L.).
incompatibility in diploid and tetraploid races of Rutidosis leptorrhynchoides (Asteraceae).
All of the investigations showed that a suitable amount of ASO improved the compatibility of the PP/MAPP compo- site.
Furthermore, tenecteplase was compatible with the polysulfone/silicone vascular access ports for up to 24 hours.
We next examined the compatibility as well as physical and chemical stability of SWFI-reconstituted and BWFI- reconstituted tenecteplase with polyurethane and silicone central venous catheters for up to 72 hours at 37 1C.
Based upon the considerable decline in bioactivity after 96 hours, it appears tenectep- lase is compatible for up to 72 hours at 37 1C with SWFI and BWFI as well as glass vials.
Our previous results showed SWFI-reconstituted and BWFI-reconstituted tenecteplase to be compatible with the diluents and glass vials for up to 72 hours at 37 1C.
Similar to the diluents, both SWFI- reconstituted and BWFI-reconstituted tenecteplase were shown to be compatible with silicone and polyurethane catheters for up to 72 hours at 37 1C.
Tenecteplase recon- stituted in either diluents was also compatible with vascu- lar access ports made of polysulfone with a silicone septum for up to 24 hours at 37 1C.
2 are compatible.
Of 31 possible drug combinations, 12 were incompatible.
The Edelvaiss Multiline-8 showed an advantage when infusing two or four incompatible drugs.
According to fruit set, ‘Piantone di Falerone’ resulted self-sterile (no fruit set in paper bags with self-pollination) and ‘Piantone di Mogliano’ partially self-compatible.
It is shown that the control room cinema and concert hall is equipped by diverse hardware with different levels of emitted disturbances (about tens or more of dBm), different susceptibility (about minus tens or less of dBm) over a wide range of frequencies (up to gigahertz), that creates a complex electromagnetic environment and, respectively, the problems in ensuring electromagnetic compatibility.
PEI, a biocompatible coplymer, was selected to modify Fe3O4 nanoparticles, which were prepared using a hydrothermal method.
By this method, the ability of two isolates to anastomose and form heterokaryons indicates that they are vegetatively compatible.
oxysporum were in distinct vegetative compatibility groups (VCG), based on the ability of complementary nit mutants to form wild-type heterokaryons.
Such local population differentiation in plant-pathogen compatibility may be related to A. bracteata's high degree of self-pollination.
The compatibility analysis has been performed by using differ- ent HTFs: air, Solar Salt (60 wt.
As a result, it can be concluded that the slag is fully compatible with both HTFs at temperatures up to 500 C and 400 C, respectively.
This species is highly self-incompatible, and natural fruit-set depends to a large degree on cross- pollination by insect vectors.
In this study, the compatibility of LaPO4 and magnesium lanthanum hexa-aluminate (LaMgAl11O19, LMA) was elucidated at temperatures ranging from room temperature to 1600 °C.
The results indicated that the two materials maintained a good compatibility at temperatures lower than 1600 °C.
Compatibility of LMA and LaPO4 at diﬀerent temperatures To study the compatibility of LMA and LaPO4, their powders were mixed in a mole ratio of 1:1 and this mixture was named as 50LMA/ 50LP.
Moreover, there are no additional peaks in the DSC curve of 50LMA/50LP at temperatures ranging from room temperature to 1400 °C, except for the exothermal peak at approximately 370 °C, which indicates good compatibility be- tween LMA and monazite-type LaPO4 at 1400 °C.
Therefore, it is necessary to investigate the compatibility of LMA and LaPO4 at such high temperatures.
These results show that LMA and monazite-type LaPO4 show good compatibility at 1500 °C.
In summary, temperature (1600 °C) is the decisive factor in the destruction of compatibility between LMA and LaPO4.
Reaction between LMA and LaPO4 According to the analyses above, LaPO4 and LMA maintain good compatibility when the heat-treatment temperature is lower than 1600 °C.
Besides, LaPO4 and Al2O3 maintain good compatibility and LMA cannot decompose into Al2O3 at 1600 °C.
Conclusions LaPO4 and LMA maintained good compatibility at temperatures lower than 1600 °C.
In summary, with regard to the compatibility of LMA and LaPO4, LMA/LP cannot be used as a TBC material at temperatures above 1600 °C.
The results of line scanning further indicate that the composi- tion variation of LaPO4 destroys its compatibility with LMA.
(1) 245 plants derived from a three-way cross, IR36/Dular//Akihikari were tested, where IR36 is an indica, Dular is a wide compatible and Akihikari is a japonica variety.
To sum up, it seems that the Tacrine molecule exhibits higher compatibility with PBCA than Chitosan in water medium.
P-Channel MOS (PMOS) - PMOS has logic levels which are not compatible with TTL, power supply voltages ranging from 10 to 15 volts, a slow speed of less than 1 MHz, and a high power dissipation.
The high compatibility offers the potential for introducing Zygopetalum mackayi’s superior traits into Chinese Cymbidi- ums.
A Zygopetalum mackayi was cross- compatibility.
(arac¸a tree, used as rootstocks) and accessions of P. guajava (guava tree) resistant/susceptible to M. entero- lobii, which holds some morphophysiological afﬁnity and which could enable their use as rootstocks compatible with commercial varieties of guava.
Considering that Brazil is one of the centers of origin of the guava tree, at present, researchers have been working in the search for rootstocks resistant to plant nematodes and compatible with graft varieties.
However, the results of Raman and IST studies showed that all the ex- cipients deﬁned in the prototype formula were found to be compatible with MPA.
Thus, it was concluded that MPA is compatible with HPMC.
3a), from this, results point toward some incompatibility between MPA and PEG-6000.
Thus, any change in the structure of MPA was ruled out and it was concluded that there is no chemical incompatibility between MPA and PEG-6000.
Thus, it was concluded that MPA is compatible with PVPP.
Thus, it was concluded that MPA is compatible with magnesium stearate.
It was concluded that MPA is compatible with calcium phosphate tribasic.
On the basis of above results, it was concluded that MPA is compatible with calcium phosphate tribasic.
Hydrogels based on poly(acrylamide), poly(hydroxyethyl Stent coatings for blood compatibility 149 methacrylate), poly(N-vinyl pyrrlidinone) and poly(vinyl alcohol) have demonstrated resistance to protein adsorption.
The inability of H. hebetor to distin- guish between nematode-infected and non-infected host larvae decreases the compatibility of the two agents and reduces their po- tential for concurrent use.
In this hybrid system, the SiO2 shell will separate Fe3O4 from graphene–CdTe QDs in order to reduce ﬂuorescence quench- ing of CdTe QDs and the CS shell ensures good solubility in acidic and neutral aqueous solutions and formed stable dispersions for long term application and biocompatibility in vivo.
Such compatibility eventually increases the interfacial interac- tion between the Mt nanostructures and the rubber particles and lead to higher strength and stiﬀness characteristics of the Mt-NR nanocompo- sites.
were compatible.
KEY WORDS Oriental fruit ßy, invasive fruit ßy, prezygotic compatibility, postzygotic compatibility The family of true fruit ßies (Diptera: Tephritidae) contains globally distributed pests of horticulture that attack a wide range of economically important fruits and vegetables, particularly in the tropical regions of the world (White and Elson-Harris 1992).
If B. invadens is a distinct biological entity with a speciÞc mating system differ- ent from B. dorsalis, we predicted increased or com- plete incompatibility between this species and B. dor- salis sourced from Pakistan and China at either (or both) the prezygotic and postzygotic stages as dem- onstrated by assortative mating and reduced viability or fertility of hybrid progeny.
Previous studies on prezygotic compatibility among pest members of the dorsalis-complex have shown similar results to those observed here, particularly for Southeast Asian members, B. papayae and B. philip- pinensis.
Mating compatibility among four pest members of the Bactrocera dorsalis fruit ßy species complex (Diptera: Tephritidae).
Mating incompatibility among populations of the South American fruit ßy Anastrepha fraterculus (Diptera: Tephritidae).
It was revealed that the compati- bility groups had therapeutic effects on LDH leakage.
In this study, poly(ethylene adipate) (PEA) and polytetramethylene ether glycol (PTMEG) were used as compatibilizers for the PLLA/PBSL blend to modify the immiscible morphology and mechanical properties of the PLLA/PBSL blend.
It is found that ENR acts as a compatibilizer of the NR/CSM blends by decreasing both CSM particle size diameter and ␣ transition temperature of CSM.
Based on chemical structure, the NR/CSM blend becomes incompatible due to the difference in polar- ity.
Noticeably, only 1–3 phr of ENR is sufﬁ- cient to increase compatibility of the NR/CSM blends.
DMTA results also conﬁrm that compatibility of the NR/CSM blends increases by the addition of ENR.
SEM micrographs substan- tiate the assumption that ENR acts as the compatibi- lizer of the NR/CSM blends.
ENR with 25 mol % of epoxidation acts as a compatibilizer of the NR/CSM blends by in- creasing tensile properties, aging, and ozone resistance.
Dousa M, Gibala P, Havlı´cek J, Placek L, Tkadlecova´ M, Bricha´c J. Drug-excipient compatibility testing—Identiﬁcation and char- acterization of degradation products of phenylephrine in several pharmaceutical formulations against the common cold.
Thus, the two services are completely compatible with each other.
Thus, the two services are compatible.
C, with a HFpeak at 97 ◦ ◦ ◦ ◦ Gelatin is compatible with LTSS, since the water loss and ﬁrst decomposition of the API is present on thermoanalytical data of the binary mixture.
◦ ◦ ◦ ◦ ◦ ◦ ◦ ◦ ◦ ◦ The mixture of LTSS with the inorganic excipient SiO2 (Aerosil) show compatibility, since the thermal events observed for the mixture are due to the presence of LTSS.
There is a lack of evidence about the stability and compatibility of the com- bination of hyoscine N-butyl bromide and furosemide Purpose To evaluate the compatibility and stability of three admixtures of hyoscine N-butyl bromide and furosemide at dif- ferent concentrations and at two temperatures (25°C and 37°C) in NaCl 0.9% stored in elastomeric infusors protected from light.
Randomly selected 51 isolates of B. sorokiniana was studied to test compatibility with all possible combinations.
The cell is all the same not fully tritium compatible due to its Naﬁon mem- brane made from polymers.
One of the demerits is that they are incompatible with most biological applications.
So rate used the SAE J1748 standard for assessing the compatibility of naturalrubber, nylon, and EPDM (monomer ethylene-propylene diene) immersed in high oil biodieselFFA (high content of free fatty acids) for 500 h at 55 ± 2°C.
Similarly, theVITON elastomer showed substantially constant, this being more compatible with the fuelinvestigated.
Palm and soybean biodiesel compatibility withfuel system elastomers.
% of CNT in PMMA provided conductivity at the level of 10 S/m [14], compatible with electrical conductivity of carbon foam with intermediate density.
PPF is compatible with principal house fly parasitoids at concentrations lower than 600 mg kg-1, and is suitable for use in IPM.
Gallic acid having much lower molecular weight than any one of the colour components of red sandalwood, absorbs at a faster rate and shows the observed poor compatibility.
This may be due to the incompatibility of SW with RSW causing a higher negative change in chromatic hue as well.
Thus, the results obtained using the DSC and TG methods show that methylcellulose, starch and chitosan are compatible with atenolol.
Although pre-fertilization studies revealed the incompatibility among Nierembergia and Calibrachoa species, expressed in the pistil, four intergeneric combinations (N. scoparia × C. ovalifolia; N. scoparia × C. caesia; N. linariaefolia × C. thymifolia and N. linariaefolia × C. ovalifolia) were detected as putative crosses to obtain hybrids.
Although incompatibility between Nierembergia and Cali- brachoa was expressed in the pistil, pre-fertilization research revealed four intergeneric combinations (N. scoparia × C. ovalifolia, N. scoparia × C. caesia, N. linariaefolia × Proc.
These results suggest that the mechanisms of incompatibility between both Nierembergia species may be different.
Gelatin-siloxane (GPTMS) hybrids Natural polymers are good components for the bioactive hybrids because they are biocompatible and biodegradable.
Chitosan-siloxane hybrids Chitosan is bioresorbable, biocompatible, non-antigenic and non-toxic [25].
Variation in the ability of Acremonium endophytes of Lolium perenne, Festuca arundinacea and F. pratensis to form compatible associations in the three grasses.
Nonreciprocal compatibility between Epichloë typhina and four host grasses.
Genetic compatibility determines endophyte–grass combinations.
These results indicate that triamcinolone acetonide and myristyl nico- tinate are compatible in dermatological formulations.
1182 CONCLUSIONS Myristyl nicotinate is compatible in dermatological formu- lations with retinoic acid, hydrocortisone, triamcinolone ace- tonide, metronidazole, and ketoconazole.
Poly(2-methoxyethyl acrylate) (PMEA) is a blood-compatible polymer that has been widely utilized in recent years.
Evidently, pant fiber and starch are poorly compatible.
Assessment of mating compatibility by successful com- pletion of the pathogen life cycle included the inoculation of Microbotryum lagerheimii onto its host Atocion rupestre, seeds for which were collected from natural populations in the Italian Alps.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticillium dahliae from ornamental woody plants.
Classiﬁcation of strains of Fusarium oxy- sporum on the basis of vegetative compatibility.
Vegetative compatibility groups within Verticillium dahliae.
Systems which have less than 60% BAMS copolymer are incompatible, while the blends with more than this amount of elastomer are compatible.
The compatibility of the blends in which the elastomer is predominant is due to the polarization action of high polar groups of poly (vinyl chloride) on the benzene rings from the copolymer macro- molecules.
In this sense the University of Alicante has patented new dry biocompatible photopolymer: Biophotopol.
Similarly, Abdel-Rasek and Gowen (2002) and Mahmoud (2007) also showed the compatibility of nematodes of the genus Heterorhabditis with neem extract, indicating that the combined use of the nematode and neem may lead to a synergistic effect on the control of Plutella xylostella L. (Lepidoptera: Plutellidae) and Bactrocera zonata (Saunders) (Diptera: Tephritidae).
(2009) exposed the nematodes H. indica IBCBn5 and Steinernema brasilense IBCBn6 to thiamethoxam, which is the active ingredient in Cruiser 350 FS®, and demonstrated the compatibility of both nematodes with the insecticide.
Furthermore, the production of PCL/PLA blends, aimed at the development of improved and new biomaterials, has shown limited success in the past due to their low level of compatibility.
Conclusions Improving PCL and PLA’s compatibility is essential in order to produce enhanced PCL/PLA blends while taking full advantage of their complimentary properties.
Most of the drugs tested svere compatible svith filgras­ tim 30 pg/mL during the ob­ servation period.
Filgrastim 30 pg/mL in 5% dextrose injection svas com- fsatible svith 75 drugs for up to four hours at 22 "'C; 22 drugs were not compatible with filgrastim.
Finally, although several genetically distinct types of self-compatibility have been found in B. oleracea, the type described in this paper occurs frequently in kale and is probably widely distributed through the species.
RESULTS Cross-Compatibilities Cross-compatibilities ranged from 9 to 81% for florets forming pods and from 2.7 to 6.2 for seeds per pod, with some reciprocal compatibilities being strikingly different (see table 2).
SUMMARY Six alfalfa plants were selected as representative clones of high, medium, and low self-compatibility as measured by percentage of florets tripped forming pods.
in vitro without Scaﬀolds made of silk broin protein are known to be biocompatible both in their native state and in terms of their enzymatic degradation products.
The means for the compatible and incompatible groups were 541 msec and 671 msec, respectively.
The preliminary results showed that PIP-SiC had good compatibility with LiPb at 800 ◦C.
Because PG and ethanol are plasticizers, PEG 400 is hygroscopic and water is plasticizer of gelatin, LBDDS formulations containing signiﬁ- cant amounts of these hydrophilic solvents tend to be incompatible with gelatin capsules.
The compatibility and complementarity of IK and SK as evaluated by the IK:Sk ratio demonstrates values ranged from almost negligible or very low ratio (0.013) in C. farinosa, C. tomentosa, and R. chalepensis to ratio 1.588 in Acacias (Table 3).
The ratio value around unity—as in the case of M. peregrina, J. procera, C. myrrah and B. salicina—indicates the compatibility of the indigenous use and the scientifically proven use of the species.
Oker- Symbiotic potential, competitiveness and compatibility of indigenous Bradyrhizobium japonicum isolates 309 eke et al.
This study indicates that D. andersoni from two geographically isolated populations have a limited amount of reproductive incompatibility in spite of the apparently very large amount of genetic differentia- tion between the populations.
Genetic incompati- bility between Boophilus decoloratus (Koch, 1844) Boophilus microplus (Canestrini, 1888) and hybrid steril- ity of Australian and South African Boophilus microplus (Acarina: Ixodidae).
Optimal timing of 2,4_D applications for compatibility with Uro- phora afﬁnis and U. quadrifasciata (Diptera: Tephritidae) for control of spotted knapweed.
Maleic anhydride (MA) grafted PP was found to improve the compatibility between the PCE and PP phases effectively.
As blends of PCE and polyoleﬁns are immiscible, compatibilization is needed to improve adhe- sion between the components.
Tjong and Bei prepared MA-compatibilized low-density polyethylene (LDPE)/PCE blends.
Simi- larly, the PP and PCE phases in the PP/PCE 75/25 blend are also incompatible according to the large difference in melt- ing temperature between these two phases.
From the dynamic mechanical analysis, it is apparent that PP and PCE as well as PCL phases are incompatible.
For the MAP/PCE 75/25 blend, it is observed that the compatibility Fig.
Since PEG forms complexes with carboxylic-acid-contain- ing polymers, especially in solution, it appears that grafting of MA to PP tends to enhance the compatibility between the PP and PEG segments [22].
measurements indicated that the PCE and PP phases are incompatible.
MAP was found to be very effective in improving the compatibility between PCE and PP phases.
To assess the potential of using a combined control strat- egy, a study was carried out to evaluate the compatibility of EOs (anise and oregano) with five strains of NF isolated from a horticultural ecosystem (Sosa et al.
Drugs were chosen to demonstrate different types and degrees of incompati- bilities with TPN.
It was found that when hydroxypropyl guar gum/bagasse ultrafine powder =40/100 (m/m), the compatibility between the two was good.
The results showed that the compatibility of bagasse/hydroxypropyl guar gum was the best when it was 40/100 (m/m).
However, it is possible to impart compatibility by introducing ethylene vinyl ace- tate (EVA) or poly(ethylene-co-vinyl alcohol-co- vinyl mercaptoacetate) (EVASH) copolymers into the blend.
Furthermore, SEM micrographs re- vealed that the adhesion between LDPE and EVA was better developed compared to that between PA6 and EVA, eventually leading to improved compatibility between LDPE and PA6 molecules.
It is compatible with the anti-symmetric/symmetric extension, and it can be used together with the hybrid DSC-MoM to model RCs with stirrers/antennas near their walls.
Therefore, compared with the physical contact in UiO-66-2OH/PVDF-HFP, the covalent bonds formed between MOF particles and polymer in SE-PMOF can significantly improve the interfacial compatibility.
It suggests that HNBR is incompatible with CR before vulcanization.
This line was self-incompatible, but F1 hybrids between this Communicated by C. Quiros.
These results sug- gest that the self-compatibility mechanism of ‘Westar’ is applicable to F1 seed production in B. napus.
123 476 Theor Appl Genet (2011) 123:475–482 While B. rapa and B. oleracea are self-incompatible, B. napus, which is an allopolyploid species having a genome derived from B. rapa and a genome from B. oleracea, is self-compatible.
F1 hybrid breeding of B. napus using a self-incompatibility system has been projected, and self-incompatible B. napus lines have been developed by crossing self-incompatible B. rapa plants with B. napus (Goring et al.
‘Westar’ having BnS-1 and BnS-6, and conducted tests to determine if the transgenic plants were self-incompatible.
Furthermore, to develop an F1 hybrid breeding method in B. napus, we produced a self-incompatible artiﬁcially synthesized B. napus line and tested to see if F1 hybrids between the artiﬁcially synthesized B. napus line and ‘Westar’ were self-compatible.
exhibited strong Self-compatibility of F1 hybrids between self- incompatible artiﬁcially synthesized B. napus and ‘Westar’ Eight plants were obtained by ovary culture after inter- speciﬁc pollination of a B. rapa S-44 homozygote with pollen grains of a B. oleracea S-15 homozygote.
Introduction of these S hap- lotypes may result in weak self-incompatibility due to mutual weakening.
These S geno- types are also considered to be usable as parental lines for seed production of self-compatible F1 hybrids.
F1 plants are expected to be self-compatible.
Inferiority of F1 hybrid breeding using self- incompatibility to that using male-sterility is instability of self-incompatibility resulting in contamination of selfed seeds into F1 seeds.
Especially in the F1 hybrid breeding method of B. napus using class-II S haplotypes generally resulting in weak self-incompatibility phenotype, high frequency of selfed seed contamination may become a problem.
volved are reproductively incompatible.
Commercial solutions of dezocine and tropisetron were combined and examined for compatibility and stability when diluted with 0.9% sodium chloride injection in polyoleﬁn bags and glass bottles stored at 4°C or 25°C for up to 14 days.
The satisfactory compatibility and stability of dezocine in combina- tion with tropisetron hydrochloride makes it preferable to 4 Chen et al.
Trichoderma atroviride C52 is compatible with ﬁeld rate applications of important fungicides used in onion production systems, such as boscalid and procymidone fungicides.
Genetic variability of Cercospora coffeicola from organic and conventional coffee plantings, characterized by vegetative compatibility.
Collection points (Roman numerals) in the Minas Gerais state, Brazil, of Cercospora coffeicola isolates included in 28 vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs).
Vegetative compatibility groups in Cercospora kikuchii, the causal agent of cercospora leaf blight and purple seed stain in soybean.
Heterokaryon formation and parasexual recombina- tion between vegetatively incompatible lineages in a population of chest- nut blight fungus, Cryphonectria parasitica.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Cercospora beticola.
To evaluate the genetic variation of A. cucurbitacearum in Spain and its relationship with other species of Acremonium, a study of vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs) and random ampliﬁed polymorphic DNA (RAPD-PCR) was carried out on 29 isolates from diseased muskmelon plants.
In order to characterize the genetic variation of A. cucurbitacearum in Spain, and the genetic relationship with other Acremonium species, a study of vegetative compatibility groups and DNA polymorphisms by RAPD-PCR in a collection of Spanish isolates was made.
Heterokaryon self- incompatibility in Gibberella fujikuroi (Fusarium moniliforme).
Classiﬁcation of strains of Fusarium oxysporum on the basis of vegetative compatibility.
These results clearly show that the compatibility of the vinylacrylic copoly- mers and the silicone polymer contained in S1 is very low.
In conclusion, both E51 and ESO have epoxy groups, leading to their desirable compatibility.
1 also reveals that a vast majority of thermoelectrics are harmful, complex, expensive, incompati- ble with CMOS fabrication technologies and toxic.
Results 4-Hydroxybutyric acid, midazolam hydrochloride, piritramide and remifentanil hydrochloride are physically incompatible when mixed with propofol.
Moreover, propofol is chemically incompatible with remifentanil.
Therefore, propofol was incompatible with 4-hydroxybutyric acid, midazolam, piritramide and remifentanil.
In vitro biocompatibility of new PVA-based hydrogels as vitreous body substitutes.
Sixwere partially compatible in one direction but fullyso in the other.
Substantially more in-compatibility occurs in this species.
Sodium croscamellose and sodium starch glycolate were the disintegrants selected to evaluate the compatibility with ACV.
SAPB was found to be slightly less compatible with local laundry detergents since it retains about 81, 76, and 75% of its original activity in the presence of New Det, Nadhif, and New Dex, respectively.
In other words, the LSM prepared has been found to have good chemical compatibility with YSZ.
It is observed from litera- ture that parafﬁns have poor compatibility with plastic containers; however, high density polyethylene (HDPE) has exhibited good compatibility with parafﬁns.
(2) have studied compatible ternary blends composing of a crystalline polymer, poly(viny1idene fluoride) (PVdF), with two amorphous polymers, poly(methy1 methacry- late) (PMMA) and poly(ethy1 methacrylate) (PEA).
In a patent publication (4), it is disclosed that po- ly(viny1idene chloride-co-vinyl chloride) (PVdC-VC) and poly(acrylonitri1e-co-butadiene) (NBR) are incom- patible but can be brought together by poly(viny1 chloride) (PVC) to form compatible ternary blends.
This indicates that amor- phous P(VdC-VC) (amp-P(VdC-VC)) chains, PVC and NBR-40 can form compatible blends.
In these ternary blends, PVC and NBR-40 are incompatible and partially compatible respectively with P(VdC-VC), but their mix- tures are compatible.
This is probably the reason why NBR’s are partially compatible with P(VdC-VC) even Table 3.
Paclitaxel stability and compatibility in polyolefin contain ers.
Region-wide analysis of genetic diversity in Verticillium dahliae populations infecting olive in southern Spain and agricultural factors influencing the distribution and prevalence of vegetative compatibility groups and pathotypes.
Regional distribution of Verticillium dahliae vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs) 1A, 2A, 2B, and 4B from olive in Andalusia, southern Spain.
RESULTS Vegetative compatibility of V. dahliae isolates.
Vegetative compatibility groups of Verticillium dahliae from ornamental woody plants.
Vegetative compatibility groups in Verticillium dahliae isolates from olive in Turkey.
Vegetative compatibility among Verticillium dahliae isolates from watermelon in Greece.
Vegetative compatibility groups 314 PHYTOPATHOLOGY within Verticillium dahliae isolates from different hosts in Greece.
Vegetative compatibility of cotton-defoliating Verticillium dahliae in Israel and its pathogenicity to various crop plants.
Vegetative compatibility among Verticillium dahliae populations of cotton-growing regions of the Middle Asia.
4 Conclusion The electrochemical compatibility of negative graphite electrode has been investigated in GLN- and GLN/DMC- based electrolytes using LiTFSI as Li salt.
DMC has been chosen as co-solvent owing to its low viscosity and its compatibility with graphite electrodes.
Parthenocarpy and self- and cross- incompatibility in ten European pear cultivars.
This indicates that the PVC/ PCL blends form a compatible system.
A significant improvement of the compatibility was achieved for the PPO multicomponent blends because of the synergetic effect of GMS and phenoxy.
PPO is completely incompatible with PET; they virtually existed with a two-phase morphology.
GMS is more compatible with PPO than PET.
GMS is an effective compatibilizer for the PPO/PET blend system; t h e synergetic effect of GMS and phenoxy on this blend system further improves its compati- bility.
It indicates that the hydrogenated transfor- mer oil has good compatibility with the typical construc- tion materials of transformer.
SEM and TEM images show that PA6 has good compatibility with PEG.
FTIR results show that PEG are well introduced into PA6 and has good compatibility with PA6, hydrogen bonding interactions form between PA6 and PEG as well.
It appears that both copolymers (espe- cially, P(BS-hb-LA) with longblocks chain) can increase the compatibility of PBS and PLA, and PBS and PLA can be melt-mixed homogeneously.
The cole–cole plot shows only one arc with the adding of P(BS-hb-LA), which exhibits that P(BS-hb-LA) plays a good role in increasing the compatibility of PBS and PLA.
However, the large inter-individual CIM variability for DMPE-Dimeb predicts that some individuals suffer from reduced compatibility with this compound.
withParis cytoplasm show incompatibility with Indian females,but aged males show partial compatibility.
Vegeta- tively compatible isolates of a fungal species are placed in the same VCG.
pisi from different geographical origins in four different agro-climatic zones in western Algeria (coastal plains, interior plains, the high plateaus, and the Sahara) and compatibility between pathogenic and nonpathogenic F. oxysporum isolates obtained from asymptomatic pea rhizospheres.
Ma13 was com- patible with TL27 but not compatible with Sb1.
Discussion In this study, virulence and vegetative compatibility were analyzed for FOP isolates representing four rac- es prevalent in the west of Algeria.
cepae from onion in Turkey based on vegetative compatibility and rDNA RFLP analy- sis.
Vegetative compatibility among Fusarium oxysporum isolates from bitter gourd and bot- tle gourd in the Philippines.
Fusarium ver- ticillioides from sugarcane, vegetative compatibility groups and pathogenicity.
Pathogenicity and vegetative compatibility grouping among Indian populations of Fusar- ium oxysporum f. sp.
The Steri-Dropper bottle is therefore potentially compatible with dispensed formulations containing benzalkonium chloride and, for short periods only, with phenylmercuric acetate.
Steri-Dropper is potentially compatible with formu- lations containing benzalkonium chloride for periods up to 12 weeks under refrigerated storage.
For formulations containing phenylmercuric acetate, the 7 ml size of Steri-Dropper is potentially compatible for at least 1 month.
They reported that the heat of mixing with values below 10 1 1003 cal/ mol, which is considered to be the upper limit of compatibility, indicates compatibility.
4) showed that the DHm values are all above the upper limit of compatibility (that is, 10 1 1003 cal/mol), showing incompatibility.
This behavior also supports that the diene polymer carrying a sufﬁcient number of ox- irane groups is compatible with PVC.
Ondansetron hydrochloride has been found to be phys- ically compatible with a number of analgesics, including meperidine hydrochloride, for 4 hours during simulated Y-site administration.
Thisstudy sought to determine the physical compatibility and chemical stability of ondansetron hydrochloride 0.1 and 1 mg/mL with meperidine hydrochloride 4 mg/mL when combined in a singlePCA containerunder a variety of storage-temperature and use-temperature conditions for periods of up to 31 days.
A quantita- tive analysis of the chemical composition each of the species (Eucalyptus saligna, Cupressus lusitanica and Eucalyptus paniculata) was carried out, followed by chemical compatibility evaluation using different types of wood particles.
Then for C. lusitanica, a species with a high extractive content (ET = 6.8), the hydration temperature and compatibility factor were expected to be less than for the others E. sal- igna (ET = 5.0) and E. paniculata (ET = 4.0).
The SPAN shows high compatibility in both ether and carbonate electrolytes.
The Structure–Property Relationship of SPAN The as-prepared SPAN electrodes show good compatibility in ether-based electrolytes.
Indeed, ether electrolytes have been considered to be incompatible with SPAN because of polysulfide shuttle problems.
To demonstrate the compatibility of SPAN/CNT-12 electrode in carbonate-based electrolyte, a 1 m lithium hexafluorophosphate (LiPF6) in a mixture of ethylene carbonate (EC), dimethyl car- bonate (DMC), and ethyl methyl carbonate (EMC) (1/1/1, v/v) was used as a reference.
More importantly, the strongly bonded S in the form of short S2 and S3 in SPAN enables its compatibility in both ether and carbonate elec- trolytes.
However, many of the cement additives are incompatible.
They found that calcium gluconate 20 meq was visually compatible at room temperature for 24 hours with potassium phosphate 20 meq and varying amounts of magnesium sulfate when added to a liter of the mixed Polynute solu­ tion.
Heparin is visually compatible in PN solutions in concentrations up to 20,000 U/liter^-^ and does not adhere to glass or plastic solution containers or in­ travenous tubing.'
Folic acid incompatibilities.
The results for ceftazidime, clindamycin, dexamethasone, ﬂuconazole, metronidazole, ondansetron and paracetamol suggest that they were compatible with either TPN in the tested concentrations.
Ampicillin and fos- phenytoin were incompatible with Numeta and Olimel, the occuring precipitations are most likely due to pH changes.
Furosemide was found compatible with Olimel but not with Numeta.
Ceftazidime, clindamycin, dexamethasone, ﬂuconazole, metronidazole, ondansetron and paracetamol were compatible with Numeta and Olimel under the tested conditions.
Since the incompati- bility occurred in solutions containing low final con- centrations of protein, it was hypothesized that INFeD is less compatible with PN solutions containing small amounts of protein.
Among the blends, some of them are incompatible, and others are partially compatible.
In particular, organic phosphate salts, such as glucose-1-phosphate, fructose-1,6-diphosphate and glycerol-phosphate have been shown to be compatible with calcium salts in which inorganic phosphate salts (described above) have failed [37–40].
This study aims at understanding the interaction between various mycorrhizal sources and three local cassava varieties of Gunungkidul, specifically on their compatibility, population, mycorrhizal diversity, and their effect on cassava growth.
Therefore, future studies are needed to determine the compatibility of several mycorrhiza sources with the local cassava varieties iof Gunungkidul as well as their adaptability and effectivity during the propagation phase.
We hypothesize that mycorrhiza isolates from the indigenous Alfisol soil of Gunungkidul would be compatible with the three local cassava varieties and display a robust propagation phase.
This study aimed to identify several mycorrhiza inoculants in the alfisol soil of Gunungkidul and assess the compatibility of these incoulants with the three local cassava varieties, as well as their effectivity on cassava yield.
Compatibility of several mycorrhizal sources with an array of cassava varieties The degree of compatibility between mycorrhizae and their host plants varies depending on the mycorrhiza species, the host plant species, and their environmental conditions.
We observed that the mycorrhizae collected from the indigenous Alfisol soil of Gunungkidul had the highest compatibility with the Mentega cassava cultivar as shown by the highest degree of mycorrhizal infection (95%).
This proves that a degree of compatibility between cassava cultivar and the mycorrhizal source is necessary to form root colonization through the hyphae.
The use of mycorrhiza as biofertilizer was proven to show good compatibility and effectivity on cassava growth.
Conclusions The compatibility of various mycorrhizal sources and three local cassava varieties of Gunungkidul were tested.
B generally are incompatible.
incompatibility behavior of PS and PVME, differential scanning calorimetry and dielectric relaxation measure- ments have been used to characterize PS-PVME mixtures cast from toluene and trichloroethylene.
[1] Titania (TiO2) forms on the surface of Ti in oxygen containing environments (such as the body) and has been shown to have suitable cytocompatibility properties but no inherent antibacterial properties.
Poly((cid:15)-caprolactone) (PCL), polylactide, and polyglycolide are commonly studied as materials to address the degradability, environmental waste, and biocompatibility of synthetic poly- mers.
Dissolution studies Previously reported incompatibility of two antituberculotic drugs, rifapentine and rifabutin in in 900 ml of 0.01 N HCl.
Among many polymer blends, the polystyrene/poly(2,6- dimethyl-1,4-phenylene oxide) (PS/PPO) has been widely studied because of the high compatibility between PS and PPO.
These results indicate potential for flonicamid and the mixture of pyrethrins and azadirachtin to increase compatibility between chemical and biological controls.
As PpClS homopolymer is incompatible with PPO it is very reasonable to expect that regional fluctuations in concentration will exist on a local scale.
However, they can be made compatible by addition of a third elastomer viz., chlorinated polyethylene or chlorosulphonated poly- ethylene in small concentrations.
Lohmar5 has re- ported the transmission electron microscopy (TEM) studies on compatibility of NBR and eth- Correspondence to: D. K. Setua.
Coran and Patel6,7 have dis- cussed the utility of malic anhydride modiﬁed polypropylene (PP) combined with amine termi- nated low molecular weight liquid NBR as suit- able compatibilizer for NBR and PP.
However, these two elastomers were made compatible by the addition of either CPE or CSM as compati- bilizers.
The DSC results showed that there’s slight decrease in melting temperature of PP, showing insufficient evidence for partial compatibility between PP and PS.
It was found that with an increase of PS content up to 30 wt%, the tensile strength of PP/PS blends is increased from 37.4 MPa to 42.2 MPa, although the blends are widely regarded as completely incompatible.
On the other hand, DSC and DMA results showed that the blending of PS resulted in a substantial decrease of the glass transition temperature (Tg) of PP, and an increase of glass transition temperature (Tg) of the PS although they are completely incompatible.
He attributed this to the specific interactions between the molecules of the constituent polymers at the interface, resulting in the partial compatibility of PP and PS.
Cefazolin and gentamicin, alone or in combination, are compatible for at least 48 hours in CAPD solutions.
Cefazolin and gentamicin, alone and in combination, are compatible in CAPO solutions containing heparin 1000 U/L.
Reduced compatibility was recorded between strains of this clade and strains of Geo.
Sexual compatibility among Geotrichum and Galactomyces species Geo.
In A. ﬂavus and A. parasiticus, populations are extremely diverse genetically and com- prise large numbers of vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs), even within a restricted geographic area (Bay- man and Cotty, 1991; Horn and Greene, 1995; Papa, 1986).
Vegetative compatibility and genetic diversity in the Aspergillus ﬂavus population of a single ﬁeld.
Vegetative compatibility within populations of Aspergillus ﬂavus, A. parasiticus, and A. tamarii from a peanut ﬁeld.
Association of morphology and mycotoxin production with vegetative compatibility groups in Aspergillus ﬂavus, A. parasiticus, and A. tamarii.
Heterokaryon incompatibility in Aspergillus ﬂavus.
Mycelial compatibility groups and pathogenic diversity in Sclerotium rolfsii populations from sugar beet crops in Mediterranean-type climate regions.
the self-compatibil- Environmental conditions affect Seasonal variation the seed set in diploid ity reactions of many plant species.
Leffel (5) found that red clover, Tri[olium pratense L., due to the pseudo-self-compatibility re- action, was increased in the greenhouse during the summer months and at a 90 F (32 C) growth-chamber temperature.
All plants except 7-3 were highly self-incompatible under greenhouse conditions.
These results, along with those of Table 1 indicating that 76% of the florets set seed at constant 32 C, show that the self-compatibility reaction of genotype 7-1 is highly temperature sensitive.
Thus, in terms of their eﬀects on the germination of conidia, PAL and TON were found to be safe and compatible with B. bassiana.
Two medications (atropine sulfate and metamizole) were also found to be incompatible with acetaminophen under observation for 24 hours.
RESULTS Acetaminophen showed compatibility with halo- peridol, ketamine, midazolam, pethidine, pheno- barbital, rocuronium, and tramadol during 24 hours, since there is no visual change or particle formation.
It was found that acetaminophen is physi- cally incompatible with dexketoprofen, diazepam, fentanyl, ketorolac, metamizole, phenytoin, pheno- barbital and propofol.
In contrast to the abovementioned drugs, the incompatibility that develops between acet- aminophen and dexketoprofen, diazepam, fentanyl, ketorolac and phenobarbital developed after an hour.
The results revealed an unusually high compatibility between the Senegalese S. mansoni strain and its local snail intermediate host, B. pfeiﬀeri.
Also, PLA and PEBAX are compatible and developed molecular interactions between C=O of PLA and C=O and NH of PEBAX, forming dipole-dipole bonds and hydrogen bonds.
The compatibility and molecular interaction between PLA and PEBAX are reduced by copper nanoparticles.
Systems with higher compatibility elongate up to 160-190 % with PEBAX content of 5-10 wt% [43].
In the ternary systems, E’ was reduced as compared to that of pure PLA because of the lower compatibility between PLA and PEBAX.
As we observed previously, PEBAX has a good compatibility and interaction with PLA.
This strong molecular interaction led to a good compatibility between PLA and PEBAX showing fine blend morphology and an outstanding strain at break of 150 %.
This led to a reduction of compatibility between PLA and PEBAX.
in effect, increased the difference in means between the two bright and two dim conditions from .052 to .076 for the compatible conditions, and from .053 to .060 for the incompatible conditions.
nitrate (NO 3 ) and perchlorate (ClO4) ions can also be present and lead to compatibility problems .
CP is considered compatible with alumina .
3 23 CP has been found compatible with most metallic, ceramic and epoxy Gaseous decomposition products such as ammonia shift the decompo- 4 .
CP has been found incompatible with copper .
This decrease is due to increased compatibility which is achieved by anchoring poly(e-caprolactone) macroradicals (promoted by DCP at elevated temperatures) to poly (3-hydroxybutyrate) macroradicals.
In the late 1990s the DIVX format came up as an incompatible alternative to the DVD (Dranove and Gandal, 2000).
3 T 2 are locally incompatible with T1 in Fig.
4 T1 and T2 are locally compatible Fig.
(ii) T1 and T2 are locally compatible.
(ii) T1 and T2 are locally compatible.
Tests revealed that the compatibility between the lubricant and the dial ma- terial was conditional.
In Greece, the most important pear rootstocks are quince rootstocks due to their compatibility with many pear cultivars; the most important rootstocks used in Greece are the quince clones BA 29 and OHF.
This anomalous behavior observed for the MK30 with LS paste indicates the incompatibility of LS with MK-PLC mixes particularly with mixes with higher MK content (30% by mass).
On the contrary, a-lactose and magnesium stearate were found to be compatible with the drug.
It can be claimed that in the system haloperidol-a- lactose monohydrate there is compatibility between components.
It can be claimed that haloperidol is compatible with the concurrent presence of magnesium stearate and a-lactose.
On the contrary, a-lactose and magnesium stearate were found to be compatible with the drug.
Application of DSC and NIRS to study the compatibility of metronidazole with different pharmaceutical excipients.
Diversity of vegetative compatibility groups of Cryphonectria parasitica in Connecticut and Europe.
Recently, we15 also reported the use of an ethylene–gly- cidyl methacrylate random copolymer as a compatibilizer via a melt-blending process to enhance the interfacial interaction for PLA/polyethylene–octene and Todo16 pointed out that the addition of lysine triisocyanate improved the miscibility between PLA and polycaprolactone and the size reduction of spherulites to improve their impact strength.
Zhang et al.17 used glycidyl methacrylate as a reactive processing agent to improve the compatibility between PLA and poly(butylene adipate-co-terephthalate).
The silane coupling agent (APTES) obtained from Acros was used as a compatibilizer.
Evolved Cas9 variants with broad PAM compatibility and high DNA specificity.
Because of the presence four polymorphic vegetative incompatibility (vic) loci in certain subpopu- lations, C. parasitica has the potential to generate new vc types in the future.
Low diversity of vegetative compatibility types and mat- ing type in Cryphonectria parasitica in the southern Balkans.
Vegetative compatibility type diversity of Cryphonectria par- asitica	populations	in	Bosnia-	Herzegovina,	Spain	and France.
1•3 - 5 This study determined the stability and compatibility of clindamy cin phosphate admixed with aztreonam, an investiga tional monobactam, in polypropylene syringes and admixed with either cefoperazone sodium, cefonicid sodium, or cefuroxime sodium in 100 ml partial-fill glass bottles containing either dextrose 5% in water (DSW) or NaCI 0.90Jo.
In addition, it also permits PALplus standard mode compatible to 16:9 wide screen on a 4:3 screen.
Currently, our model only mea- sures the compatibility between two fashion items.
Summary It has been shown that an acrylourethane acrylate oligomer based on P EA is compatible with a linear polyhydroxy ether in all proportions, and that semi-IPNs could be formed by polymerizing the end groups of the oligomer with EB or gamma radiation.
When germination/viability is considered as a compatibility factor, it can be observed that, in addition to the Thiamethoxam and Cyfluthrin formulations, the Alpha-Cypermethrin formulation can also be deemed as compatible, as well as the Fenpropathrin and Deltamethrin formulations at the lowest concentrations.
The Alpha-Cypermethrin, Cyfluthrin and Thiametoxan formulations can be utilized in coffee IPM programs, since they are compatible with the entomopathogenic fungus Beauveria bassiana (strain CG 425).
The seed set of eight bog plants in the Ericaceae family was reduced by excluding insect flower visitors even though hand-pollination tests showed that all eight species were self-compatible.
Discussion of Results Most bog ericad flowers are physiologically self-compatible yet they produce very little seed when bagged.
It is clear that the two methods are intrinsically incompatible.
Most of the drugs tested were compatible with the PN solutions.
However, 20 drugs exhibited various incompati- bilities with one or more of the PN solutions.
Twenty drugs were incompatible with one or more of the PN solutions.
Furthermore, most of the compatible combinations had a haze level consis- tent with mixing of the PN solutions with the drug solutions.
RP-HPLC chromatographic proﬁles for rhEGF, after heating by 3 days at 50 ◦C, in 100 mM sodium phosphate buffer pH 7.0 containing incompatible excipients.
Therefore, it is neces- sary to enhance the hard-tissue compatibility and bioactivity of TNTZ.
It may also be effective for other biocompatible Ti alloys composed of valve metals.
, fm are functionally compatible.
The dominant, monogenic control of partial incompatibility in 'Vada' was confirmed.
Hordeum vulgare is highly self-compatible.
laevigaturn (the putative source of the Inc allele found in 'Vada'), as partially incompatible with an array of H. bulbosurn genotypes.
Three 'Harrington' x 'Klages', and crosses 'Vada' x 'Harrington', were chosen for the inheritance study of partial incompatibility because of their distinct responses to H. bulbosurn and their similarity in spike morphology, growth habit, and maturity.
At the symbiotic stage, self-incompatibility may affect AMF fitness and reduce the development of common ERM, with possible impacts on nutrient resources flow and AMF survival chances in soil.
Different levels of hyphal self-incompatibility modulate interconnectedness of mycorrhizal networks in three arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi within the Glomeraceae.
temperature for SOFC would improve the chemical compatibility between A2−αA′αMO4 cathode and YSZ electrolyte.
Gametes of many species also appear to be incompatible.
Meanwhile, substan- tially lower levels of fertilisation between ‘‘sam-hum’’ and ‘‘sam-gem’’ suggests that their morphological dif- ferences reﬂect the reduced breeding compatibility and a possible hybrid status for these morphs.
Kenyon (1997) concluded that polyploidy, resulting from the combination of sets of chromosomes from diﬀerent species during hybridisation events is a likely source of gametic incompatibility between species in the genus Acropora.
This study further investigates the compatibility of L. muscarium with a range of insecticidal products that can be used against both egg and second instar larvae of B. tabaci.
It is hypothesized that self-compatibility in sour cherry is caused by the exis- tence of non-functional S-RNases and pollen S-genes that may have arisen from natural mutations.
Vegetative compatibility and genetic diversity in the Aspergillus ﬂavus population of a single ﬁeld.
Genetic isolation among sympatric vegetative compatibility groups of the aﬂatoxin-producing fungus Aspergillus ﬂavus.
Heterokaryon incompatibility in Aspergillus ﬂavus.
The chemical compatibility of Ba2DyAlO5 with Al2O3 was investigated by annealing approximate diffusion couples and mixed powder at 1300, 1400, and 15008C for 8 h, respectively.
Among the plant taxa with S-RNase-based GSI, Prunus species in the family Rosaceae exhibit Prunus-specific self-incompatibility (SI).
DNA-PFs also have potential for application as a DDS, considering their biocompatibility.
Electrolyte compatibility in a synthetic amino acid hyperalimentation solution Atner.
Bupivacaine hydrochloride 625 or 1250 µg/mL and morphine sulfate 100 or 500 µg/mL in 0.9% sodium chloride injection were compatible for up to 72 hours under fluorescent light when stored in polyvinyl chloride containers at 23–25 °C.
SI is generally the rule in this genus and most species are partially or fully self-incompatible.
However, self- incompatible species, SC genotypes are observed and the transition from SI to SC has been attributed to dif- ferent causes in the different species.
In graphical contrast, in self-incompatible Prunus species such plum47 and sweet cherry48, a lack of correlation between S-alleles and the geographic origin of the cultivars was observed indicating that S-alleles coalesced before Prunus specia- tion47.
Recent speciation of Capsella rubella from Capsella grandiﬂora, associated with loss of self-incompatibility and an extreme bottleneck.
Self-compatible peach (Prunus persica) has mutant versions of the S haplotypes found in self-incompatible Prunus species.
Heterozygote excess in a self-incompatible and partially clonal forest tree species Prunus avium L. Mol.
The control computer for the monitor is an IBM-compatible PC programmed using Microsoft Windows and National Instruments' LabVIEW.
In table olive production, a starter strain of Lactobacillus plantarum was found to be compatible with the great majority of natural lactic populations, enhancing the dominance of the lactic microﬂ ora over the other microorganisms, leading to an improvement in the lactic fermentation process and good quality results in table olives, particularly as regards the level of bloater spoilage (LAMZIRA et al., 2005).
Study of LAB community dynamics as a possible system to evaluate LAB compatibility The dynamic changes of LAB microﬂ ora in food can be assessed by culturing methods that allow the identiﬁ cation of different LAB species (XIONG et al., 2012); however, these methods are time-consuming, expensive, and sometimes still provide uncertain results.
Therefore, various biocoatings, such as hydroxyapatite (HA) [6], diamond-like carbon (DLC) [7], titanium nitrides (TiN) [8] and some polymeric coatings [9,10], have been developed to improve the tribological characteristics and hemocompatibility of Ti and Ti-based materials.
Cultures of G. clavuligerum from North America were shown to be incompatible with cultures from Europe.
Intercompatibility and the species consept in the saprobic Basidiomycotina.
These performances contribute to improving the compatibility of	 the	 polymer	 liquid	 oxygen.
The authors suggested that combinations of these different incompatibility interactions may contribute to the total resistance of S. hermonthica.
We examined the compatibility of Orobanche minor and Orobanche picridis on two of their natural hosts, Picris hieracioides and Crepis capillaris, selected on the basis that both species occur naturally on these hosts.
Our observations of early-acting incompatibility interactions in Orobanche on its natural hosts share similari- ties with other species in the Orobanchaceae.
incompatible interaction between Orobanche crenata and Vicia sativa.
Molecular responses of Lotus Roma´n B, Satovic Z, Alfaro C, Moreno MT, Kharrat M, Pe´rez-de-Luque japonicus to parasitism by the compatible species Orobanche aegyptiaca and the incompatible species Striga hermonthica.
Multiple layers of incompatibility to the parasitic witchweed, Striga hermonthica.
Many plant species in the family Brassicaceae possess homomorphic sporophytic self-incompatibility (SSI), a genetic system in which the genotype of the diploid parent determines mate compatibility.
Recent speciation of Capsella rubella from C. grandiflora, associated with loss of self-compatibility and an extreme bottleneck.
Breakdown of self-incompatibility in the perennial Arabidop- sis lyrata (Brassicaceae) and its genetic consequences.
Self-incompatibility in the Brassicaceae.
In this work, an attempt to make the reaction after mixing between LEDPNR and PLLA was performed to enhance the compatibility of the blend of LEDPNR with PLLA.
The virulent isolates of L. maculans from geo graphically distant sources were highly compatible when crossed.
The compatibility between MSN and Yahoo!
The other fumigants bromide I conclude that phosphine, CC I,-carbon bisulfide, and ethylene dichloride-CC 1, fumi- gations are compatible with the pathogens tested.
Methyl fumigation would not be compatible with the granulosis virus, fumigant could be ex- and its use as a grain the virus.
Exposure to CSF also showed complete compatibility with Toca 511 for at least 2 hours.
It was found that, two macromolecules PVA and PA are compatible in their aqueous blends.
in order to be compatible with G .
Using the standard morphological criteria (e.g., fluffy, crustose) to assess the pairings, A. sinapina exhibited the fol- lowing compatibility levels: 68% with itself, 5.5% with A. cepistipes, 3.5% with NABS X, and 5% with NABS XI, respectively.
Armillaria cepistipes was rated 53%, 6.5%, and 57% compatible with itself and NABS X and XI, respectively.
NABS XI was 55% selfcompatible.
Also, they reported partial compatibility between A. cepistipes and two collec- tions of NABS XI, a group that they had described from British Columbia.
They were able to distinguish 11 species of Armillaria from Europe and North Amer- compatibility.
The objective of the study reported here was to define the incompatibility groups that exist in the closely related species A. cepistipes, A. sinapina, NABS X, and NABS XI.
Inter- species pairings in Set B isolates were 1-9% compat- ible except for the A. cepistipes-NABS XI combina- tion, which exhibited 46% and 39% compatibility in each replicate (TABLE II).
The compatibility be- tween NABS XI and A. cepistipes was as high or higher than that observed within each of these species.
This may suggest that a substantial number of the subcultures rated positive from pairings of species with low primary compati- bility are in fact negative.
Hybrid incompatibility mayeven be the result of relatively few genes, with onemajor gene causing death before hatching of fe-male hybrids that are the result of crosses with L.dissortis.
We assessed their impact, at the recommended rates use in Spain, on the protected stages of the parasitoid: complex parasitized larvae-immature stage of the parasitoid and pupae of H. didymator, to determine their compatibility with the natural enemy.
Evaluation of these phylogenies is based, among other things, on the incompatibility of the gametes of E. lucunter with the other two species.
With fairly minimal effort, devices such as the AppleTV, the Nokia N800, the iPhone, and various other smartphones, and desktop clients via applications such as the Miro player all become ENTHRONE clients utilising the thin RSS compatibility layer.
This con- firms that PC and PBA are incompatible.
More recently, the high genetic diversity of C. parasitica and the new vc types that were not compatible with any of the European vc testers have E. Mangil, Ö. Erincik been reported in Georgia, a neighboring country from the Eastern Black Sea Region of Turkey (Prospero et al.
INTRODUCTION THIS PAPER presents a method for computing the electro- magnetic compatibility of HF sky-wave communication systems.
These results demonstrate the minimal cytotoxicity of MC-PEI and MC-PEI polyplex due to the biocompatibility of MC and low cytotoxicity of grafted PEI0.8k.
The cytotoxicity of MC-PEI and MC-PEI poly- plex was found to be minimal in serum-free condition or serum condition probably due to the biocompatibility of MC and low cyto- toxicity of PEI0.8k.
Of the legumes we tested, alfalfa appeared to be most compatible with Matua.
However, the compatibility of Matua with legumes has not been documented.
However, experiments with B. unioloides and ladino clover (3), Matua and red clover (9), and Matua and ladino clover (4) showed prairie grass to be compatible with legumes.
Alfalfa and annual lespedeza appeared to be most compatible with Matua.
Ladino and red clover were least compatible with Matua.
44-50% polystyrene and a -methyl-styrene forms a compatible system (TABLE 3).
Thus, the CCK-8 result confirmed that the incorporation of hybrid Au/SiO2 NPs (up to 0.1 mg/mL) in GelMA hydrogel enhanced the biocompatibility of GelMA-Au/SiO2 hydrogels.
The improve- ment in thermal stability also conﬁrmed that, with the addition of MAH, the adhesion between TPS and LL- DPE in the blends was enhanced, further improving the compatibility of TPS and LLDPE.
On PSA, sporidia) combi nations of opposite compatibility developed noticeably larger colonies in a FIG.
Clearly, the compatibility of the PVB and the mixed solvents was high.
The higher relative viscosity showed that the confor- mation of the PVB molecule was expanded in the mixed sol- vents, and the compatibility of the PVB and the mixed solvent was better than that of the PVB and the plain solvent.
In the mixed solvents of IPA and xylene, which have good compatibility between PVB and solvent, the hydrophobic and hydrophilic groups in PVB can interact with xylene via Van der Waals bonds and with IPA via hydrogen bonds.
Informa- tion has been accumulating about the influence of temperature on incompatibility reactions in sev- eral plant species.
Seasonal and temperature effects on self-compatibility in tetraploid alsike clover, Trifolium hy- bridum L. -Crop Sci.
It IS seen that of the 25 species (two of the 27 forms listed are varieties) studied, 10 are self-compatible, 7 are self-incompatible and the status of the remaining S is unclear and requires further study.
The conservation and compatibility of the Pep-PEPR-system was analysed by using plants of two distantly related dicot families, Brassicaceae and Solanaceae, and a representative family of monocot plants, the Poaceae.
Taken together, contrary to the PROPEPs, PEPRs are interfamily compatible.
Contrary to the incompatibility of Peps, the PEPRs appear to be interfamily compatible.
For example, Ma and his colleague[10] perform in-situ compatibilization between PHB and PBS using 3 dicumylperoxide (DCP) as a free-radical grafting initiator.
The similar structure of PBBS and poly(butylene succinate), ensure high compatibility between them, which offers opportunity to highly toughen PBS by blending with elastic PBBS.
It could be seen that, the PBBS-40/PBS, PBBS-50/PBS, and PBBS-60/PBS blends show homogeneous phase microstructure, indicating these PBBS possess excellent compatibility with PBS.
In Figure 5 (e) to (f), the PBBS dispersed uniformly with particle size ranging from 100 to 300 nm in PBS matrix, indicating suitable compatibility between PBBS and PBS.
Intra-isolate pairings of nit 1 and nit M mutants showed all strains to be self-compatible.
Parasexual recombination between vegetatively incompatible strains in Fusarium oxysporum.
Classiﬁcation of strains of Fusarium oxysporum on the basis of vegetative compatibility.
However the genetic diversity and compatibility of the fungus E. salmonicolor from Brazilian citrus plants is not yet evaluated.
Since the vegetative compatibility tests and the RAPD analysis showed that C. truncatum isolates could not be clustered according to their geographic origins, the occurrence of free interchange of C. truncatum infected seeds among the Brazilian States has been suggested.
Se-haplotype confers self- compatibility in Japanese plum (Prunus salicina Lindl.).
A new self-compatibility haplo- type in the sweet cherry ‘Kronio’, S5’, attributable to a pollen- part mutation in the SFB gene.
Admicellar polymerization is used to modify the surface of CS with poly(methyl methacrylate) (PMMA) in order to make it more hydrophobic and hence more compatible with PLA.
Mechanical properties of PLA-CS and PLA-MS blends are investigated to compare their compatibility.
However, compatibility between PLA and CS is rather poor, since PLA is hydrophobic while CS is hydrophilic.
The deterioration in mechanical properties of PLA-CS blends is simply due to poor compatibility between PLA and CS.
CONCLUSIONS Admicellar polymerization was successfully applied to coat the surface of starch with PMMA to render it more hydrophobic and more compatible with PLA.
Most of these compatible combinations were essentially without haze, having turbidities of less than 0.15 NTU.
Twelve of the drugs were incompatible with cisatracurium besylate only at the highest concen- tration.
Ceftazidime (sodium carbonate-containing formu- lation) was incompatible with cisatracurium besylate only at the highest concentration.
INTRODUCTION Mixtures of poly( c-caprolactone) (PCL) and poly(viny1 chloride) (PVC) are known to be compatible throughout the entire composition range.
The result indicates that polyvinyl ether demulsifier B1 is compatible only with low-paraffin crude oil.
The effect of the sulfonate group and counterion type on compatibility was evaluated by blending sulfonated and nonsulfonated forms of the amorphous polyester ionomer with both nylon 6.6 and poly(ethy1ene terephthalate).
Mechanical compatibility has been exhibited for many of these PET/ionomer blends.
In addition, it is possible that the m2+ counterion enhances (or catalyzes) the transesteri- fication reaction leading to a higher degree of copolymer formation, thereby increasing the compatibility of the MnAQ/PET blends.
In addi- tion, the polyester ionomer has the potential to under- go ester-amide interchange reactions (6, 8) with N66, which could also result in compatibility for these blends.
Conclusion The results show that cultivated varieties of cowpea are cross-compatible with their wild relative var.
Statistical analysis The ability of host tree species to share compatible EM fungi was evaluated based on composition of EM on seedling root tips.
So, for low-BC pair, blends of m- LLDPE and HDPE are compatible in the solid state in the HDPE-rich range, and partially compatible in the m-LLDPE-rich range.
However, m-LLDPE-rich blends are likely to be partially compatible with multi types of crystals.
Hence, ZN-EB is compatible with HDPE over the whole composition range, with blends showing single melting and crystallization peaks.
HDPE-rich blends with m-EB1 are suggested to be compatible; however, m-EB1-rich blends are likely to be partially compatible in the solid state.
[19] Ilmiati reported that lignin compatibility could improve by synthesiz- ing it with 4,4′-methylenebis (cyclohexyl isocyanate) (HMDI) and polyethylene glycol (PEG) 6000.
Apart from common compatibiliz- ers; acrylonitrile butadiene rubber [15], maleic anhydride polyethylene (MAPE) and SEBS-g-MA [16] were used to improve the miscibility of different immiscible blends.
In polyamide 6/polyvinylidene fluoride (PA6/PVDF) blend methyl methacrylate-co- glycidyl methacrylate copolymers (MMA-co-GMA) was used as a compatibilizer.
The introduction of GDC further improves the thermal compatibility and electrochemical performance of the SCFNeGDC composite cathodes, where the thermal expansion coefﬁcients decrease from 24.5  10  1 for SCFN to 16.8  10  1 for SCFNe50GDC between 30 and 950 C in air, the corresponding area  speciﬁc resistances are 0.091 and 0.075 U cm2 at 700 C, respectively.
Therefore, the SCFN cathode has excellent chemical compatibility with the LSGM and GDC electrolytes at 950 C for 10 h.  Electrical conductivity For a mixed ionic-electronic conductor (MIEC), both electronic and ionic conductivities coexist in a MIEC.
From the data analysis of characterize scanning calorimetry (DSC), the addition of HPSi successfully improves the compatibility of EP/Si603/DDM, which provides the important prerequisite for Si603 as a flame retardancy of EP.
Genetic variation among vegetative compatibility groups of Fusarium oxysporum f.sp.
It shows that the compatibility of Point-SN(II) and Point-SN(III) with cement is better with the increase of the C3A content.
It shows that the compatibility of Point-SN(II) and Point-SN(III) with cement is less with the increase of the gypsum content.
It shows that the compatibility of Point-SN(II) and Point-SN(III) with cement is more with the increase of the 1 day hydration heat.
Within the same clade, XM tests results were compatible between 2 wild dogs and 1 dhole, 3 wolves and 2 dingoes, and 1 red fox and 1 arctic fox.
were compatible among 1 red fox, 1 dhole and 1 wolf, as well for 1 dhole and 2 fennec foxes.
Drugs with widely differing pH will almost certainly be incompatible.
‘Rio’, which also has a Se- haplotype (SaSe), is self-compatible.
Although most commercial cultivars of Japanese plum are self-incompatible, there are some self-compatible cultivars, which have a horticultural advantage because no cross-pollinator is required.
‘Rio’ (SaSe) were made, and pollen-tube growth and fruit set were observed to determine whether ‘Rio’ was self-compatible or self- incompatible.
These results confirmed that ‘Rio’ is self-compatible, as is ‘Santa Rosa’.
Identification and cDNA cloning for S-RNases in self-incompatible Japanese plum (Prunus salicina Lindl.
Of the SPs examined, PCE and PMS are found to be more compatible, compared to PNS and sodium ligno- sulfonate, with limestone-metakaolin blended cements.
ABSTRACT: The compatibility of poly(ethylene oxide) (PEO) and poly(methyl methacrylate) (PMMA) blends was studied over a wide range of compositions at 400 K by mesoscopic modeling.
It was found that both PS20 and PS80 are compatible with m-cresol (at 2.8 mg/ml) when their levels were not greater than 20 ppm.
Our data have shown that both PS20 and PS80 are compatible with m-cresol (at 2.8 mg/ml) when their levels were not greater than 20 ppm.
m-Cresol and polysorbate compatibility in water Twenty ml each of PS20 and PS80 standard solution at the concentration of 10, 20, 50 and 100 ppm were transferred to 20R vials, respectively.
These results indicate that PS80 is less compatible with m-cresol compared with PS20.
It confirms that the incompatibility between polysorbate and m-cresol is dependent on the polysorbate concentration.
This experiment confirms that both PS20 and PS80 are compatible with m-cresol when the polysorbate concentration is not greater than 20 ppm.
This is consistent with the previous observation that PS80 was slightly incompatible with m-cresol at 50 ppm and above.
Copolymers that include polyether segments, such as poly(propylene glycol) (PPG), poly(tetramethylene glycol) (PTMG), and poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG), have good compatibility with blood [8-16].
These results imply that the favorable compatibility of PPG-based block copolymers such as segmented PU and PE-polyamide is due to the PG unit at the top surface.
Famoti dine 2000 ~mL in NS was compatible with 33 of 34 se lected drugs.
The results indicated that acetamipride and imidaclopride in half MC were compatible with L. longisporum (isolate LRC195).
Many studies showed that some insecticides may not be compatible with Lecanicillium spp.
Biological control compatibility of Beauveria bassiana with acaricides.
The fact that this popu1atmn.i~ completely self-compatible contrasts with the observation that I. versicolor introduced in the United Kingdom is self-incompatible (Richards 1986); however, the failure of I. versicolor to readily set seed in the United Kingdom may be due to a number of reasons, such as an absence of appropriate pollinators or the descent of the introduced populations from one or more self-incompatible clones (Richards 1986).
The pattern of complete self- compatibility in our population of I. versicolor was also observed in two other Iris species: I. crist.a,ta, with an ISIf of .
A value of 1 indi- cates that there are no barriers to autonomous self-pollination; low values, such as those found for I. versicolor, indicate that some barriers to autonomous self-pollination exist in a self- compatible species (Zapata and Arroyo 1978).
In vitro biocompatibility of the Ti–Nb–Sn alloy The Ti–Nb–Sn alloy contains Nb and Sn.
DMA show a considerable compati- bility between the two PENs.
DMA analyses show that all blends with various composition have only one Tg and exhibit excellent compatibility between the two PENs.
Synthesis and hemocompatibility of biomembrane mimicing poly(carbonate urethane)s containing ﬂuorinated alkyl phosphatidylcholine side groups.
In addition to resistant cultivars, compatible cultivars with parasitoids to foster biological control could improve pest management.
Donders' b- and c-reactions and S-R compatibility.
We have demonstrated that S. sclerotiorum has a genetically regulated vegetative compatibility system that determines the ability of strains to form heterokaryons with each other.
Some Ascomycetes seem to have many vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs).
Heterokaryon self- incompatibility in Gibberella fujikuroi (Fusarium moniliforme).
In the current study, five chemicals were assessed for their compatibility with L. muscarium for control of B. tabaci under glasshouse conditions.
This study therefore, further investigates the compatibility of L. muscarium with a range of insecticidal products for control of second instar B. tabaci on poinsettia plants in UK glasshouses.
Further compatibility tests of the entomopathogenic fungus Lecanicillium muscarium with conventional insecticide products for control of sweetpotato whitefly, Bemisia tabaci on poinsettia plants.
Results show that the compatible and incompatible combinations have significant diversity on pollen germination and pollen tube growth.
The chemical compatibility of HfC with the niobium alu- minides is also doubtful, particularly if Nb3Al and Nb2Al have appreciable solubility for Hf.
Similarly, CaO-stabilized ZrO2 would be chem- ically compatible with the niobium aluminides.
Key messages Remifentanil is physically compatible with insulin, midazolam, propofol, potassium chloride, magnesium sulfate, heparin and monobasic potassium phosphate, and physicochemically compatible with insulin and midazolam or insulin and propofol.
We conclude that there is a broad range of compatibility between different Plasmodium strains and particular mos- quito strains that is determined by the interaction between the parasite and the mosquito's immune system.
In con- trast, silencing the same genes has a strong effect in less compatible vector-parasite combinations such as P. yoelii- An.
Using less compatible parasite-mosquito combinations, such as the P. berghei-An.
gambiae (G3) is highly compatible with P. falciparum (3D7) parasites, but has low compatibility with P. yoelii 17XNL.
A given strain of Plasmodium can also be more compatible with certain mosquitoes.
For exam- ple, P. yoelii 17XNL is much more compatible with An.
2 Indica-japonica hybrid sterility and wide-compatibility Hybrids between indica and japonica varieties often show very strong heterosis compared with indica-indica or japonica-japonica hybrids, providing great potential for increasing productivity.
An analysis of hybrid sterility in rice using a diallel cross of 21 parents involving indica, japonica and wide compatibility varieties.
A triallelic system of S5 is a major regulator of the reproductive barrier and compatibility of in- dica-japonica hybrids in rice.
However, when NiO and CeO2 are mixed together, the mixture will be compatible with LSCF 7328 and LSM.
We conducted laboratory and greenhouse studies to examine the compatibility of O. insidiosus with A. swirskii for control of F. occi- dentalis on this crop.
Both the thermal and dynamic mechanical analysis of the blend from the two polystyrene (PS) and poly- butadiene (BR) homopolymers show a low degree of compatibility.
A low degree of compatibility is found for the PS-BR blends.
It is found that a PS-BR blend has a low degree of compati- bility.
The PS-BR blend was found partially compatible with two separated domains of compat- ible phases.
For example, Krause17 used a silica ﬁller as a compatibilizer for immiscible polyole- ﬁn/polyacrylate and polyoleﬁn/polymethacrylate blends.
In general, benzodiazepines have poor water solubility and, as a result, are incompatible with many drugs.
Midazolam hydrochloride is water soluble at pH values of less than 4; this may explain its compatibility with many of the agents tested.
At the concentrations -studied, di­ menhydrinate,, pentobarbital sodium, perphena­ zine, prochlorperazine edisylate, and ranitidine hydrochloride were visually incompatible when .
It is concluded that GB behaves as a true compatible solute in spinach, which is a typical GB accumulator, and that GB is damaging when loaded into the leaf tissues of rapeseed, which do not normally accumulate GB.
In either the presence or absence of any osmotic stress, the strong chlorophyll loss induced by GB in rapeseed leaf explants also supported the hypothesis that GB is incompatible in this plant material.
CSTs that do not contradict each other are said to be compatible; those that do contradict each other are said to be incompatible.
CST C2 is s-compatible.
Thus C2 and C4 are compatible as CSTs because they combine to make C5.
Thus, C8 and C9 are compatible.
Thus, they are mutually compatible as CSTs.
Yuhas et al.- reported methylprednisoione sodium succinate and cimetidine to be visually compatible and cimeti­ dine to be chemically stable in that admixture for 24 hours at room temperature.
This suggests that pear cultivars forming more compatible unions with quince do so because they enzymatically eliminate oxidation products of hydroquinone harmful to pear cells.
Several innovative eﬀorts have been made to enhance the chemical compatibility of Na-bentonites by using inorganic phosphate, e.g., sodium hexametaphosphate-amended bentonite, and polymeric materials, e.g., bentonite-polymer nanocomposite (BPN), multiswellable bentonite (MSB), and carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC)-treated NaB bentonite (HYPER clay) [11,17,18].
Results show that GL-C has good compatibility with PCE when the dosage of GL does not exceed 0.02%.
Conclusions The compatibility of fibroin with chitosan was con- firmed by means of the DSC method, measuring ther- mal characteristics of blends of these components in the form of films obtained from solutions in a com- mon solvent such as HFIP.
[19,20] Nevertheless, the hydrophilic nature of GO and TiO2 might constrain their compatibility efficiency within the hydrophobic PLA and WANG ET AL.
However, the addition of EVM-g-FME did not improve the compatibility of EVM/TPU blends.
So this is further evidence that EVM700 is more compatible with TPU than EVM400, which means a better compatibility in the E7/T3 blend.
Thus, EVM400 is less compatible with the TPU investigated than EVM700.
Theoretical predictions of compatibility of poly(ethylene-terephthal- ate) and poly(butylene terephthalate) blends.
Therefore, nylon was ﬁnally considered to be compatible with HFC-161.
From the above analysis and observations before and after it can be concluded that ABS, silicone rubber, neoprene, and natural rubber are probably compatible with HFC-161 + POE oil, and PTFE, PP, PVC, and nylon are compatible with HFC-161 + POE.
CONCLUSIONS (1) An experimental device was developed to evaluate the compatibility between HFC-161 with/without the presence of the two lubricant oils (POE and PAG) and the ﬁve types of plastics (ABS, PTFE, PP, PVC and nylon), three types of elastomers (natural rubber, silicone rubber, and neoprene).
Risedronate sodium tablets were compatible for 24 hours with five food thickeners.
Conclusion Risedronate sodium tablets were compatible for 24 hours with five food thickeners.
At the same time, Nu-(K ⫹ Na) improved the compatibility of PP and LDPE, and the LDPE was dispersed in PP more uniformly.
Transparency of the PP/Nu-(K ⫹ Na)/LDPE ter- nary blends was determined by two main factors: one was the spherulite size of PP particle, and the other was the size of the LDPE, which was related to its compatibility with PP.
Nu-(K ⫹ Na) improved the compatibility of PP and LDPE, and the LDPE was dispersed in PP more uniformly.
The DMA and SEM results proves that Nu-(K ⫹ Na) improved the compatibility of PP and LDPE, and the LDPE was dispersed in PP more uniformly.
Luculia pinceana possesses a self-incompatibility system unlike that reported elsewhere in the family.
Controlled intramorph crosses of L. pinceana indicate that the species does not possess the typical diallelic incompatibility found in heterostylous plants (Ma et al., 2009).
Rubiaceae offers outstanding opportunities for evaluating models of the evolution of heterostyly owing to the large number of heterostylous species in the family, the likelihood of multiple origins, and the wide variation in expression of incompatibility and morphology.
In the population of L. pinceana we examined, reciprocal herkogamy can function in the absence of diallelic incompatibility to pro- mote sufﬁcient disassortative mating to maintain ﬂoral morph ratios at the expected isoplethic equilibrium of 1 : 1.
Self-incompatibility systems in the Rubiaceae of a tropical lowland wet forest.
Cryptic self-incompatibility in tristylous Decodon verticillatus (Lythraceae).
Distyly and variation in heteromorphic incompatibility in Gaertnera vaginata (Rubiaceae) endemic to La Reunion Island.
It suggests that LiBF2SO4-based electrolyte has good compatibility with LiMn2O4 cath- ode, and LiBF2SO4 would be a very promising lithium salt for LiMn2O4 cathode in lithium-ion batteries.
However, the mix with 30% cork dust shows a slightly better compati- bility than the mix with 20% cork dust.
Introduction Poly(lactic acid) (PLA) is one of the most competitive, renewable, and bio-based polymers, owing to its excellent biocompatibility, good biodegradability, and high mechanical strength [1–3].
These results indicated that the compatibility of PLA and PABT improved with increase in BETT content.
It in- dicates that PLA and PBAT are incompatible.
Lemstra, In-situ compatibilization of poly(lactic acid) and poly(butylene adipate-co-terephthalate) blends by using dicumyl peroxide as a free-radical initiator, Polym.
The cause of such behaviour is that IM PES TR is more compatible with Versify material.
Thus, these ma- terials may be compatible with biological control agents.
The conflicting reports regarding the stability and compatibility of genta- micin and heparin in solution war- rant caution, especially if cloudiness or precipitation is encountered on preparation.
Colistimethate so- dium (0.8 mg/mL) was shown to be physically compatible with cla- rithromycin 200 mg/mL or heparin sodium 1000 units/mL or both for 96 hours.49 A solution of colistimethate sodium (0.1 mg/mL), vancomycin 0.1 mg/mL, and heparin sodium 100 units/mL was demonstrated to remain stable for 60 days at 4 °C.
At higher concentrations (1 and 2 mg/mL), caspofungin acetate was incompatible with EDTA.
1c), this may be due to the higher extent of branching in LDPE which allows the rubber macromolecules to be dispersed into the LDPE voids giving rise to such enhancement in the compatibility between SBR and NBR rubber blend.
CONCLUSION SBR=NBR rubber blends are incompatible and their compatibility could be enhanced by using LDPE.
Ultrasonic and viscometric inves- tigation of isro polyol in various solvents and its compatibility with polypropylene glycol.
Unsaturated polyester as compatibilizer for Styrene-Butadiene (SBR)=Acrylonitrile-Butadiene (NBR) Rubber blends.
The asphalt with 4% SBS (incompatible) showed complete parabolas, whereas none of the compatible blends showed parab- olas.
Some compatible pairs are: poly(2,6dimethyl-l,4-phenylene oxide) (PPO)/polystyrene (PSI; poly(methy1e methacrylate) (PMMA)/poly(vinylidene fluoride) (PVDF); poly(viny1 chloride) (PVC)/poly(ethylene-co-vinyl acetate) (EVA); poly(viny1 chloride) (PVC)/poly(butadiene-co-acrylonitrile).
Ethylene glycol (EG), butanediol (BDO), polypropylene glycol (PPG), and poly(tet- ramethyl glycol) (PTMG) were used to investigate the spacer effect on the platelet compatibility of the PE membrane surface.
varietv of tvpes of particulate matter developed in the remaining incompatible combinations.
Sargramostim 10 pg/mL exhibited vi­ sual incompatibilities with a variety of drugs.
CA was selected as the grafted functional group to improve the water compatibility and to control molecular interactions between PUs because the CA, having three carboxyl groups in a molecule, can increase the surface polarity and reduce the molecular interactions via the electrostatic repulsion between carboxyl groups (Figure 1(d)).
In this work, self-compatibility of four local Spanish sweet cherry varieties was investigated by cross- ing experiments and molecular genetic analysis of two self- incompatibility loci.
Together with ‘Cristobalina’, the newly described self- compatible varieties ‘Son Miró’ and ‘Talegal Ahín’ confirm the existence of unique self-compatible plant material in local germplasm from Spain that should be conserved and charac- terized for its use in breeding and research.
Sweet cherry exhibits S-RNase-based gametophytic self- incompatibility.
Self-compatibility has been reported in different species of the Prunus genus, and most of the mutations are found in the S-locus.
In addition, two self-compatible sweet cherry varie- ties in which self-compatibility arose spontaneously have been characterized.
In Spain, there is local knowl- edge of the existence of other self-compatible varieties within sweet cherry germplasm from the Mediterranean area (J. Orero and T. Martorell, personal communication).
Results Self-compatibility analysis In this work, self-incompatibility of four local sweet cherry varieties ‘Llucmayor’, ‘Son Miró’, ‘Talegal Ahín’ and ‘Talegal Almedijar’ was analysed.
These results confirmed that both, ‘Talegal Ahín’ and ‘Son Miró’, are self-compatible.
(2014a), it is possible that environmental pressure in the Mediterranean area, low chilling and/or geographic isola- tion, results in the selection of self-compatible cherries to ensure survival.
Preliminary data of the morphological characterization of the two self-compatible varieties identified, ‘Son Miró’ and ‘Talegal Ahín’, show differences from ‘Cristobalina’, providing an alterna- tive source for self-compatibility breeding in sweet cherry.
The identification of ‘Son Miró’ and ‘Talegal Ahín’, together with the earlier described ‘Cristobalina’, confirms the presence of a unique group of self- compatible plant material in local germplasm from the Spanish Mediterranean area that requires conservation and study for its utilization in breeding and research.
In 2000 and 2001, pollen tube growth was examined for two combinations (‘Margit’ × ‘Alex’ and ‘Germersdorfi 3’ × ‘Alex’) in which incompatibility of these partners was confirmed.
The CEUP5 based on PEG also shows very good blood compatibility.
Genetic variation among Fusarium oxysporum isolates from sugar beet as determined by vegetative compatibility.
Puhalla initiated the idea of grouping isolates of F. oxysporum into vegetative compatibility groups (VCGs) based on the use of nitrate nonutilizing (nit) mutants generated on media containing potassium chlorate (30).
incompatible Historically, F. oxysporum isolates have been subdivided into formae speciales on the basis of virulence on a particular host, and further subdivided into races based on virulence to cultivars that vary in disease resistance.
Nineteen of those 23 individuals were compatible with four of the seven estab- lished Texas VCGs.
An evaluation of Fusarium oxysporum from cru- cifers based on pathogenicity, isozyme poly- morphism, vegetative compatibility, and geo- graphic origin.
Vege- tative compatibility groupings in a local pop- ulation of Fusarium oxysporum.
Differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) results showed a single glass transition temperature (Tg) representative of miscibility between the PVC phase and the styrene-acrylonitrile copolymer (SAN) phase of g-ABS which, in turn, led to compatibility of the PVC/g-ABS blends.
[25] showed immisci- bility but compatibility between the two components while Shur and Ranby[26] have reported that SAN and PVC are miscible.
However, the addition of Zn-SNR to NR/CSM blends resulted in promoted compatibility as indicated by a shift in the tan d peak of CSM to lower temperature, a reduction in dis- persed phase size and better adhesion between NR and CSM.
These results demonstrated that the Zn-SNR is a new reactive compatibilizer for NR and CSM blends.
However, it was also re- ported that the compatibility of these blends could be enhanced by adding few amount of proper compatibilizer such as epoxi- dized natural rubber (ENR), which could reduce interfacial ten- sion between NR and CSM.
The compatible blends of CSM and polystyrene, combined with sulfonate ionomer of styrene-buta- diene-styrene (SBS) acting as compatibilizer, have been devel- oped by Xie et al.
In this study we investigated a rubbery ionomer of zinc salt of sulfonated natural rubber (Zn-SNR) as a new compatibilizer for NR/CSM blends.
Thus, in this case, the im- provement in the mechanical properties of NR/CSM blends may be explained by the existence of ether linkages between CSM and ENR and the compatibility of ENR and NR.
Based on this present work, we conclude that the compatibility of NR and CSM blends can be improved by using the Zn-SNR as a new compatibilizer.
PEEK is biocompatible, chemically sta- ture, properties, and the combination of ketone and ether func- ble, and radiolucent.
Donder's B- and C- reactions and S-R compatibility.
At the concentrations studied, mi­ nocycline hydrochloride and tetracycline hydro­ chloride were visually incompatible when mixed with either morphine sulfate, meperidine hydro­ chloride, or hydromorphone hydrochloride in 5% dextrose injection.
Also, nafcillin sodium, cefa- perazone sodium, and mezlocillin sodium were visually incompatible with meperidine hydro­ chloride in 5% dextrose injection.
Next, the compatibility of SiO2 with polypro- pylene was analyzed.
To broaden the commercial applications of PC/ABS blends by enhancing interfacial adhesion, PC-b- PMMA copolymers were employed as a compatibilizer for the PC blend with SAN copolymer.
SUMMARY Block copolymers of PC and PMMA, PC-b-PMMA, were examined as a compatibilizer for PC/SAN blends.
The toughness depends on the compatibility of PDMS–urethane and PMMA segments in the copolymers.
Results show that the structural differences in the diisocyanates affect the compatibility of PDMS–urethane and PMMA segments.
We use well various browsers support ML5 incompatible features.
In	 general,	 peach-almond	 hybrids	 and	 slow-growing	 plums	 (P. domestica	and	P. insititia	plums	as	‘Adesoto’	and	other	‘Pollizo	de	Murcia’	clones)	were	 graft-compatible	with	peach,	almond	and	Japanese	plum	tested	cultivars.
On	the	contrary,	‘Nonpareil’	 and	‘Soleta’	cultivars	were	graft-compatible	onto	reference	rootstocks	(‘Adafuel’,	‘Adarcias’,	 ‘Ademir’,	‘Miral’	and	‘Pollizo	de	Murcia’	plums).
This is possible because TMPS has a hy- drophilic group attached to the fiber and a hydrophobic group interacting with polystyrene, allowing better compatibility with the hydrophobic matrix.
Two organic PCMs, two inorganic PCMs and three representative plastics (polypropylene (PP-H), high density polyethylene (PE-HD) and polyvinylchloride (PVC-U)) were selected for compatibility tests.
They evaluated the compatibility of stearic, palmitic, myristic and aluric acids (PCMs) and stainless steel, carbon steel, aluminium and copper (potential capsule materials).
Discussion The results presented in the previous section demonstrate differences in potential compatibility of PP-H, PE-HD and PVC-U with four organic and inorganic PCMs.
Discussion The results presented in the previous section demonstrate differences in potential compatibility of PP-H, PE-HD and PVC-U with four organic and inorganic PCMs.
